                                  DC REGULATIONS

UPGRADE (ยง 27-808)

808.1 		An applicant that has been certified by the Department as a CBE in one
or more areas may expand the areas in which it is certified by submitting to the
Department a completed application for an upgrade.  Each application for an
upgrade shall comply with the requirements of this chapter and shall be
accompanied by documentation indicating the applicant&#8217;s qualifications,

		expertise, and/or resources which justify the upgrade.

(a) 	With respect to each category of construction and non-construction services
for which an applicant seeks certification, the applicant shall demonstrate that
the applicant has the expertise, personnel, facilities, equipment, and
experience to perform the services on an on-going basis.

(b) 	With respect to SBEs as suppliers of goods and equipment, the applicant
shall submit evidence that the applicant is a manufacturer of or regular dealer
in such goods.

(1) 	In order to qualify as a manufacturer, an applicant shall own or lease on a
regular basis an establishment that produces on the premises the materials,
supplies, articles or equipment of the character in which the applicant claims
to be a manufacturer; but the term does not include a business which performs
only minimal operations on or minimal assembly of the items being produced.

(2) 	In order to qualify as a regular dealer under this section, an applicant
shall meet the following minimum eligibility requirements:

(A) 	Maintain an establishment in which materials, supplies, articles, or
equipment of the character in which the applicant claims to be a regular dealer
are bought, kept in stock, and sold to customers on a recurring basis in the
usual course of business; and

(B) 	Demonstrate that its business is an established and on-going entity
regularly dealing in the particular materials, supplies, articles, or equipment
of the character offered in the District of Columbia.

 (3) 	In making the determination whether the applicant is a regular dealer, the
Department shall consider the following factors:

(A) 	Whether the applicant has performed the particular services for a client in
the course of its business in the one-year period prior to the application date;

(B) 	If the applicant is newly providing this type of service, whether the
applicant has made plans and committed resources to performing the particular
services for clients; or

			(C) 	The customary practice in the industry.





SOURCE: Final Rulemaking published at 39 DCR 9052 (December 4, 1992); as amended
by Final Rulemaking published at 56 DCR 8439 (October 23, 2009), incorporating
by reference text of Proposed Rulemaking published at 56 DCR 5622, 5629 (July
10, 2009).
