                                  DC REGULATIONS

LOCAL BUSINESS ENTERPRISE REQUIREMENTS (§ 27-802)

802.1 An applicant for certification as a local businessenterprise must
demonstrate, inter aliaÂ¸ that theprincipal office of the business enterprise
is located in theDistrict of Columbia. To be considered the principal office:
ÂThe applicant must own, or lease for a minimum of 12 months, theoffice; To the
extent the applicant owns or leases property locatedoutside of the District of
Columbia, the applicant shall have nomore employees reporting to or working from
any single locationoutside of the District than employees reporting to or
working fromthe principal office location.Â  The number of employeesin each
jurisdiction shall be determined by the number of employeesfor whom the
applicant pays unemployment tax in eachjurisdiction.Â  If the business
enterprise has been inbusiness for less than 4 months, the number of employees
in eachjurisdiction shall be determined by the number of employees subjectto
unemployment tax in each jurisdiction; and The insignia, signs,printed material,
business cards, letterhead, legal documents wherethe principal office or
headquarters is identified, and website, ifapplicable, must indicate that the
office located in the Districtof Columbia is the principal office or
headquarters. 802.2 Indetermining the principal office for the business
enterprise, theDepartment may also consider: (a) The totality of the
businessactivities in which routine and essential business functions occursuch
as the following: (1) Bookkeeping and other recordkeeping; (2)Payroll
maintenance; (3) Receipt of business telephone calls; (4)Receipt of
correspondence; (5) Storing of books and records; and(6) Directing, controlling
and coordinating activities and policiesby officers, principals and managers;
and (b) The number ofvehicles owned by the applicant that are registered
injurisdictions outside of the District of Columbia in comparison tothe number
of such vehicles registered in the District of Columbia.802.3 If the business
enterprise is owned or operated by anindividual or individuals who perform other
work functions outsideof the business, the Department will consider the time
theindividual or individuals spend(s) performing duties in the officerelative to
time spent performing other work functions outside ofthe business. SOURCE: Final
Rulemaking published at 39 DCR 9052(December 4, 1992); as amended by Final
Rulemaking published at 56DCR 8439 (October 23, 2009), incorporating by
reference text ofProposed Rulemaking published at 56 DCR 5622, 5625 (July
10,2009).
