                                  DC REGULATIONS

DEPARTMENT PROCESS FOR CERTIFIED BUSINESS ENTERPRISE STATUS (§ 27-806)

806.1 		Upon receipt of an application for certification as a CBE, the Director
shall conduct a preliminary review of the submission for compliance with the
requirements of the Act and this chapter and take one of the following actions:

(a) 	If the application is complete, it shall be accepted for review by the
Department; or

(b) 	If the application is incomplete or lacks the required verification, it
shall be returned to the applicant with a notice indicating the need for
additional actions or materials in order for the application to be accepted for
review.



806.2 		The Director, or his/her designee, may conduct site inspections and hold
interviews or discussions with an applicant or applicant&#8217;s
representative(s) as part of the review process.



806.3 		Upon completion of the Department’s review, the Director shall
determine the eligibility of the applicant and advise the applicant in writing
of the determination regarding its application.  The Department shall deny an
application if the applicant fails to demonstrate eligibility for certification.



806.4 		In addition to the information supplied in the application and documents
accompanying the application, the Director may require an applicant to supply or
provide access to additional information and documents relevant to the
Department’s investigation and determination of the applicant&#8217;s
eligibility as a CBE.



806.5 		An applicant shall report to the Department any changes that may affect
the eligibility for certification of the applicant.



806.6 		Upon the denial of an application for certification, the Department
shall not accept, review, or evaluate for a period of six (6) months from the
date the applicant receives notice of the decision to deny certification:

(a) 	Amendments to or new information on the denied application; or

(b) 	A new certification application from the applicant, its agent(s),
representative(s), or other members of the public on the applicant&#8217;s
behalf.



SOURCE: Final Rulemaking published at 39 DCR 9052 (December 4, 1992); as amended
by Final Rulemaking published at 56 DCR 8439 (October 23, 2009), incorporating
by reference text of Proposed Rulemaking published at 56 DCR 5622, 5628 (July
10, 2009).
