                                  DC REGULATIONS

VERIFICATION OF ANNUAL INCOME (§ 14-5406)

5406.1 	All of the below listed sources of income are subject to the
verification hierarchy listed previously in this chapter, unless specifically
stated otherwise.



(a)	Three (3) consecutive paycheck stubs;



		(b)	Tips, commissions and bonuses.  If not included in paycheck stubs:







Previous two (2) year official federal and local tax returns;







Certified Statement from participants of anticipated tips, based on previous
twenty-four (24) months; or







New hire, statement from employer on anticipated amount for the next twelve (12)
months;



(c)	Documentation of Self Employment income may include:



(1)	IRS Form 1040, with applicable schedules;



(2)	Schedule C (Small Business);



(3)	Schedule E (Rental Property Income);



(4)	Schedule F (Farm Income);



(5)	Audited Financial Statement; or



(6)	Certified Financial Statement, if Tax Returns or Audited Financial Statement
is not available;



(d)	If none of the above are available, notarized statement of net income
anticipated to be received within the next twelve (12) months, based on the
previous twelve (12) months;



(e)	A Social Security/Social Security Insurance Benefits Benefit Award Letter
dated within sixty (60) days of DCHA’s request is required to verify income
from the Social Security Administration.  The following applies to the proof of
Social Security and Social Security Insurance benefits:



(1) 	DCHA shall not accept photocopies of social security checks or bank
statements.



(2)	If the participant or applicant is missing the benefit award letter, DCHA
shall help the participant or applicant request a benefit verification letter
from SSA&#8217;s website, or by calling 1-800-772-1213. The service is free and
the applicant or participant will receive Proof of Income Letter within ten (10)
days;







For child support payments, the following types of documents may be used to
verify income:







Court ordered child support documents;







Twelve (12) month payment history print out from the enforcement agency;







Notarized statement from person paying the support stating the amount and the
frequency of payments made; and







If the person paying the support refuses to provide the notarized statement,
documentation of efforts to obtain the statement from the person paying the
support and an affidavit from the person receiving the support stating the
amount and frequency of payments made;



(g)	Recipients of unemployment benefits shall provide records from the
unemployment agency stating gross amount of pay, frequency of pay, and expected
termination date;



(h)	Participants shall provide an affidavit signed by the participant or person
assisting the Family attesting to recurring gifts or assistance received. 
Examples of regular contributions include:







Regular payment of a Family’s bills (such as utilities, telephone, rent,
credit cards, and car payments);







Cash or other liquid assets provided to any Family member on a regular basis;
and







“In-kind” contributions such as groceries and clothing provided to a Family
on a regular basis;



(i)	Non-monetary contributions shall be valued at the cost of purchasing the
items, as determined by DCHA. For contributions that may vary from month to
month (such as, utility payments), DCHA shall include an average amount based
upon past history;



(j)	Scholarships, Tuitions, Grants and Financial Assistance shall be documented
through records from an Institution of Higher Education detailing the cost of
tuition anticipated for the next twelve (12) months and verification of all
scholarships, grants and loans received individually identified;



(k)	DCHA may request third party verification of income, even if the income
source is excluded from the calculation of annual income; and



(l)	If DCHA is able to identify through participant-provided documents that the
source is excluded from income, then DCHA shall use participant provided
documents to document the file.



SOURCE: Final Rulemaking published at 59 DCR 7916, 7923 (June 29, 2012).
