                                  DC REGULATIONS

GENERAL PROVISIONS (§ 19-200)

200.1 	Employees of the Authority shall have regular full-time, regular
part-time, or casual status.



200.2 	Casual employees shall be eligible only for those benefits required by
law. Regular full-time and regular part-time employees shall be eligible for
benefits as provided by these regulations.



200.3 	All employees of the Authority shall be at-will employees and serve at
the pleasure of the Authority, unless otherwise provided for as members of a
bargaining unit in a collective bargaining agreement.



200.4 	The Authority is an equal opportunity employer. Officers and employees
shall make all decisions on recruiting, hiring, training, compensation,
benefits, promotions, transfers, layoffs, and recall from layoffs, and other
management actions, free of discrimination on the basis of race, color,
religion, national origin, sex, age, marital status, personal appearance, sexual
orientation, gender identity or expression, family responsibilities,
matriculation, genetic information, disability, or political affiliation.



200.5 	The Authority shall maintain an affirmative action plan to ensure that
equal opportunity in employment is provided for minorities, women, and disabled
persons.



200.6 	Employees in collective bargaining units will be governed by the
provisions set forth in their collective bargaining agreements to the extent
that those differ from the policies set forth in these rules.





SOURCE: Final Rulemaking published at 46 DCR 6236 (July 30, 1999); as amended by
Final Rulemaking published at 59 DCR 8191 (July 6, 2012).



EDITOR&#8217;S NOTE: An editorial change was made to the text of the proposed
rulemaking for this chapter published at 45 DCR 3826 (June 12, 1998) as follows:
“General Manager of the Authority or his [or her] designee” was substituted
for “various named officers of the Authority where they appear in the
rules.” 46 DCR 6236. The former rules governing the Authority’s personnel
policies and procedures published at 38 DCR 7603 (December 20, 1991) were
rescinded in their entirety.
