                                  DC REGULATIONS

SICK LEAVE (ยง 19-209)

209.1 	All regular full-time employees shall earn eight (8) hours of sick leave
per month. All regular full-time employees begin to accrue leave starting with
their first day of employment. Accrual for regular part-time employees and
employees in non-pay status shall be prorated to correspond with the actual
number of hours worked.



209.2 	All regular part-time employees shall earn sick leave by the same method
as regular full-time employees, provided that the amount earned shall be
prorated to correspond with the actual number of hours worked.



209.3 	An employee may use sick leave for personal illness or to care for a
relative and other children and adults for whom the employee is a primary
caretaker.



209.4 	If there is any reason to suspect an abuse of sick leave by an employee,
the employee may be required to submit a letter signed by the attending
physician certifying the illness of the employee, relative, or other child or
adult for whom the employee is the primary caretaker, as the basis for the
employee&#8217;s inability to work on the days for which leave is requested. The
President and Chief Executive Officer may require an employee to undergo an
independent medical examination in the event the employee&#8217;s use of leave
for personal illness exceeds seven (7) consecutive workdays. The Authority shall
pay the cost of such a medical examination.



209.5 	An employee who uses all of his or her accrued sick leave and annual
leave may be placed on leave of absence without pay status for the duration of
the illness of the employee, relative, or other child or adult for whom the
employee is the primary caretaker.



209.6 	The number of hours that may be carried forward in an employee&#8217;s
sick leave account into a new calendar year shall not exceed two hundred forty
(240) hours. Employees shall not be compensated for unused sick leave upon
separation from employment with the Authority.



SOURCE: Final Rulemaking published at 46 DCR 6236, 6240 (July 30, 1999); as
amended by 55 DCR 8524, 8525 (August 8, 2008); as amended by Final Rulemaking
published at 59 DCR 8191, 8195 (July 6, 2012).
