                                  DC REGULATIONS

DEFINITIONS (§ 19-299)

299.1 	When used in this chapter, the following words and terms shall have the
meanings ascribed:



Authority &#8211; the Washington Convention and Sports Authority established by
the Washington Convention Center Authority Act of 1994, effective September 28,
1994, D.C. Law 10-188, as amended by the Fiscal Year 2010 Budget Support Act of
2009, effective March 3, 2010 (D.C. Law 18-111; D.C. Official Code §§
10-1201.01, et seq. (2008 Repl. &#038; 2011 Supp.))



Board &#8211; the Board of Directors of the Authority.



Casual employee &#8211; an employee whose terms of appointment provide for
employment either: (1) for a brief period of time or (2) on a casual or as
needed basis.



Executive Staff &#8211; an employee at the level of Division Director or above.



President and Chief Executive Officer- the President and Chief Executive Officer
of the Authority or his or her designee.



Public body &#8211; any body described by § 1503 of the District of Columbia
Government Comprehensive Merit Personnel Act of 1979, D.C. Official Code §
1-616.3 (2006 Repl..).



Regular full-time employee &#8211; an employee whose terms of appointment
provide that the employee shall work at least forty (40) hours per week either:
(1) for an unlimited or extended period of time or; (2) for as long as funds are
available and the position is necessary to the objectives of the Authority.



Regular part-time employee &#8211; an employee whose terms of appointment
provide that the employee shall work less than forty (40) hours per Week either:
(1) for an unlimited or extended period of time or; (2) for as long as funds are
available and the position is necessary to the objectives of the Authority.



Relative &#8211; the spouse, parent, parent-in-law, child, step-child, sister,
brother, sister-in-law, brother-in-law, step-parent, aunt, uncle, niece, nephew,
grandparent, grandchild or registered domestic partner (as defined by Chapter 7
of Title 32 of the District of Columbia Official Code) of an employee of the
Authority.



Vice President &#8211; the Vice President, Human Resources appointed by the
President and Chief Executive Officer of the Authority.





SOURCE: Final Rulemaking published at 46 DCR 6236, 6244-45 (July 30, 1999); as
amended by Final Rulemaking published at 59 DCR 8191, 8200 (July 6, 2012).
