                                  DC REGULATIONS

LEAVES OF ABSENCE (§ 19-210)

210.1 	General Leave &#8211; A division director may grant a general leave of
absence without pay to any regular full-time or regular part-time employee of
the division. Any such leave beyond a period of seven (7) calendar days must be
approved by the President and Chief Executive Officer.



210.2 	Family and Medical Leave &#8211; An employee of the Authority shall be
eligible to take the greater of twelve (12) weeks of unpaid leave during a
twelve month period, or sixteen (16) weeks of unpaid leave during a twenty-four
(24) month period, for family or medical purposes, in accordance with the D.C.
Family and Medical Leave Act of 1990, D.C. Official Code §§ 32-501, et seq.
(2010 Repl.), and the Federal Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993, 29 U.S.C.
§§ 2601, et seq.



210.3 	Jury Duty &#8211; Employees will receive their regular pay while serving
on jury duty. An employee who is requested to report for jury duty shall inform
the Court of this fact. The employee shall turn over to the President and Chief
Executive Officer any compensation check other than for transportation.



210.4 	Military Leave &#8211; The President and Chief Executive Officer shall
grant an employee military leave of absence for a period not to exceed five (5)
years. Such an employee shall be restored to his or her former position if:



(a) 	The employee provided advance notice of the military service to the
Authority, unless notice is excused by military necessity;



(b) 	The employee applies for reemployment within the time prescribed by law;



(c)	The cumulative length of the employee&#8217;s absence and of all previous
absences from the Authority by reason of service in the military does not exceed
five (5) years;



(d)	The employee provides documentation of honorable discharge from military
service; and



(e) 	The employee is able to perform the duties of his or her former position.



210.5 	Administrative Leave &#8211; In addition to other types of leave, the
President and Chief Executive Officer may grant administrative leave with pay
for reasons such as bereavement or hazardous weather.



SOURCE: Final Rulemaking published at 46 DCR 6236, 6240-41 (July 30, 1999); as
amended by Final Rulemaking published at 59 DCR 8191, 8196 (July 6, 2012).
