                                  DC REGULATIONS

PROHIBITION AGAINST CONTINGENT FEES (§ 27-1008)

1008.1 	The contracting officer shall ensure that each solicitation, other than
those for small purchases, contains language approved by the Director giving
notice to prospective contractors of the prohibition against contingent fee
arrangements set forth in § 416 of the Act.



1008.2 	The contracting officer shall ensure that the language required by §
416(b) of the Act is inserted into each contract, except contracts for small
purchases.



1008.3 	Except as permitted in § 416(b) of the Act, the contracting officer
shall not award any contract to a contractor that has made arrangements to pay a
contingent fee or other consideration for soliciting or obtaining the contract.



1008.4   	If the contracting officer has reason to believe that a prospective
contractor or contractor is or has been involved in a contingent fee arrangement
prohibited under § 416 of the Act, the contracting officer shall inform the
Director in writing, which shall include any evidence or documentation of the
alleged prohibited arrangement.



1008.5    	If the Director determines that a prohibited contingent fee has been
paid or that a contractor has entered into an arrangement to pay a prohibited
contingent fee under an existing contract, the Director shall have the right to
terminate an existing contract or take any other remedial action authorized
under § 416(b) of the Act.



1008.6     	If the Director determines that a prospective contractor has entered
into an arrangement to pay a prohibited contingent fee, he or she shall direct
the contracting officer to notify the prospective contractor that it is no
longer eligible for contract award.



	SOURCE: Final Rulemaking published at 35 DCR 1391 (February 26, 1988); as
amended by Notice of Emergency and Proposed Rulemaking published at 58 DCR 9071
(September 27, 2011)[EXPIRED]; as amended by Notice of Final Rulemaking
published at 58 DCR 11071, 11076 (December 23, 2011).
