                                  DC REGULATIONS

DEFINITIONS (ยง 27-1099)

When used in this chapter, the following terms have the meanings ascribed:



Contingent fee &#8211; any commission, percentage, brokerage, or other fee that
is dependant upon or tied to the success that a person or concern has in
securing a District contract.



Contract &#8211; a mutually binding agreement between the District and a
contractor, which must be in writing unless otherwise authorized by the Act,
including agreements in which a party other than the District is obligated to
pay the contractor.



Director &#8211; the agency head of the Office of Contracting and Procurement
(OCP) or the Chief Procurement Officer (CPO).



Market survey &#8211; a testing of the marketplace to ascertain whether other
qualified sources capable of satisfying the District&#8217;s requirement exist.
It may range from written or telephone contacts with knowledgeable experts
regarding similar or duplicate requirements, and the results of any market test
recently undertaken, to the more formal sources-sought announcements in
pertinent publications (such as technical or scientific journals, or the
Commerce Business Daily) or solicitations for information or planning purposes.



Person &#8211; any business entity, individual, union, committee, club, or other
organization or group of individuals.



Pre-solicitation &#8211; prior to the transmittal by the District of any
proposed contract documents to the proposed contractor before the issuance of a
solicitation or in a proposed sole source procurement.



Procurement planning &#8211; the process by which the efforts of all personnel
responsible for an acquisition are coordinated and integrated through a
comprehensive plan for fulfilling agency needs in a timely manner and at a
reasonable cost.  It includes developing the overall strategy for managing the
acquisition.



	SOURCE: Final Rulemaking published at 35 DCR 1394 (February 26, 1988); as
amended by Notice of Emergency and Proposed Rulemaking published at 58 DCR 9071
(September 27, 2011)[EXPIRED]; as amended by Notice of Final Rulemaking
published at 58 DCR 11071, 11077 (December 23, 2011).
