                                  DC REGULATIONS

AGENT RESPONSIBILITIES (§ 30-308)

308.1 	Agents shall do the following:



(a) 	Provide for the sale of lottery tickets in accordance with instructions
issued by the Agency;



(b) 	Accept only cash or debit cards for the sale of lottery tickets.







Agents are not required to accept debit cards for the sale of lottery tickets,
but if an Agent chooses to accept debit cards, the Agent shall be responsible
for any costs, fees or charge backs that may be associated with debit card
lottery sales.



(2)	Agents may not charge a fee associated with accepting debit cards for
lottery ticket sales.



(c) 	Sell lottery tickets during all hours and days that the agent&#8217;s
establishment is open for business, at the location set forth in the license;



(d) 	Render services which meet the standards of the reasonable prudent business
person;



(e) 	Be financially responsible to the Agency for all revenues derived from the
sale of lottery tickets and all tickets that are cashed or cancelled and are
later presented to the Agency for payment;



(f) 	Be financially responsible to destroy all cashed lottery tickets and all
cancelled lottery tickets;



(g) 	Post prominently point-of-sale and other promotional materials supplied by
the Agency;



(h) 	Attend all training sessions;



(i) 	Provide a site for the location of any on-line computer terminal assigned
to the agent;



(j) 	Provide, prior to the installation of the on-line computer terminal, a
dedicated electrical double duplex “U” grounded outlet on a separate circuit
that remains on twenty-four (24) hours a day for the exclusive use of the
on-line computer terminal, which outlet shall be located within five feet (5
ft.) of the on-line computer terminal;



(k) 	Provide sufficient space for the proper operation of the on-line computer
terminal at the site approved by the Agency;



(l) 	Exercise due diligence in the operation and care of the on-line computer
terminal and immediately notify the Agency&#8217;s computer operation center of
any on-line computer terminal malfunction;



(m) 	Permit a representative of the Agency to conduct on-site inspections of
lottery property, including the on-line computer terminal, during the
agent&#8217;s normal hours of operation;



(n) 	Provide for the cashing of all lottery tickets and pay all claims up to a
maximum of  six hundred dollars ($600.00), or such other amount as may be
determined by the Executive Director, in cash, regardless of where the winning
lottery ticket was purchased;



(o) 	Cash checks for lottery winnings without charging fees;



(p) 	Ascertain the winning numbers and immediately post them in a prominent
place after each drawing;



(q) 	Replace ribbons and ticket stock as required in the on-line computer
terminal;



(r) 	Perform no mechanical or electrical maintenance on the on-line computer
terminal;



(s) 	Notify the Agency in writing at least fourteen (14) days in advance of the
agent&#8217;s intent to temporarily cease operations (e.g., vacation), or as
soon as possible in the case of an emergency;



(t) 	Notify the Agency in writing of a change of address of the location, type
of establishment or ownership of the establishment, in accordance with § 206 of
this title;



(u) 	Notify the Agency in writing seven (7) days in advance of a change of bank
account maintained for the deposit of on-line revenues pursuant to § 305.1.



(v) 	Pay the cost for all telephone lines resulting from agent relocations;



(w) 	Permit no persons under eighteen (18) years of age to sell lottery tickets;



(x) 	Provide a certificate of insurance, which indicates that the agent has and
maintains casualty insurance, approved by the Agency, to cover the replacement
cost of the on-line computer terminal and other Agency property assigned to the
agent. The agent shall notify the Agency in writing of any change in insurance
coverage fifteen (15) days in advance of the change; and



(y) 	Not sell lottery tickets to anyone under the age of eighteen (18).





SOURCE: Final Rulemaking published at 36 DCR 8665, 8677 (December 29, 1989); as
amended by Final Rulemaking published at 39 DCR 2286, 2288 (April 3, 1992); as
amended by NOTICE OF EMERGENCY AND PROPOSED RULEMAKING published at 49 DCR 8228
(August 23, 2002); as amended by Final Rulemaking published at 49 DCR 11241
(December 13, 2002); and published at 50 DCR 10654 (December 12, 2003); as
amended by Final Rulemaking published at 50 DCR 5299 (June 3, 2005); as amended
by Final Rulemaking published at 60 DCR 6653 (May 10, 2013).



HISTORICAL NOTE: Prior to December 29, 1989, the D.C. Lottery and Charitable
Games Control Board published Final Rulemaking at 29 DCR 2202, 2207 (May 29,
1982).
