                                  DC REGULATIONS

DEFINITIONS (ยง 15-3505)

&#8220;Applicant&#8221; means entity regulated by the Commission that applies
for authority to issue or amend tariffs or issue stocks or other evidences of
indebtedness that are payable in more than one year pursuant to this Chapter.



&#8220;Application&#8221; means the application for authority to issue or amend
tariffs or issue stocks or other evidence of indebtedness filed pursuant to this
Chapter.



&#8220;Application filing date&#8221; means the date upon which an application
for review of tariff issuance or amendment or issuance of stock or evidences of
indebtedness is filed with the Commission.



&#8220;Commission&#8221; means the Public Service Commission of the District of
Columbia.



&#8220;Competitive local exchange carrier&#8221; means a provider of
telecommunications service that was not an incumbent local exchange carrier on
January 31, 1996 but that is now certificated to provide local exchange service
within the District.



&#8220;Days&#8221; means calendar days, unless otherwise indicated in specific
sections.



&#8220;Incumbent local exchange carrier&#8221; means, with respect to an area,
the local exchange carrier that provided local exchange service in such an area
on the date of enactment of the federal Telecommunications Act of 1996 (P.L.
104-104).



&#8220;Local exchange carrier&#8221; means any person or entity that is engaged
in the provision of telephone exchange service or exchange access. The term does
not include a person or entity insofar as the person or entity is engaged in the
provision of commercial mobile service.



&#8220;Local exchange service&#8221; means a telecommunications service provided
within an exchange area.



&#8220;Objection&#8221; means the written statement filed to oppose the use of
this Chapter to review an application.



&#8220;Party&#8221; means an individual, corporation, partnership, or
association.



&#8220;Publication date&#8221; means the date the application is published in
the D.C. Register.



	SOURCE: Final Rulemaking published at 47 DCR 8202 (October 13, 2000).
