                                  DC REGULATIONS

DEFINITIONS (§ 15-2799)

2799.1 	When used in this chapter, the following terms and phrases shall have
the meaning ascribed:



Abandonment of Certification Application &#8211; an application to abandon the
certification to operate as a CLEC in the District of Columbia.



Abandonment of Service Application &#8211; an application to abandon
provisioning of telecommunications services in the District, either in whole or
in part (including, but not limited to, for a class of customers {such as
residential customers or business customers} or customers located in specified
geographic areas).



Access line &#8211; a telecommunications channel of varying size that is
associated with a particular telephone number.



Applicant _ a CLEC filing an abandonment of certification or an abandonment of
service application.



Business customer &#8211; a customer who subscribes to a telecommunications
service provider’s business services.



Clearing &#8211; that the telecommunications service provider has restored the
service to the customer, so the out-of-service problem no longer exists.



Commission &#8211; the Public Service Commission of the District of Columbia.



Competitive Local Exchange Carrier (CLEC) &#8211; any provider of
telecommunications service that was not an incumbent local exchange carrier on
January 31, 1996, and has been granted certification to provide
telecommunications services in the District of Columbia.



Customer trouble report &#8211; a report of trouble on a customer’s access
line received by the telecommunications service provider.  The customer trouble
report can be filed by the customer, a third party, or an employee of the
telecommunications service provider.



Days &#8211; calendar days, unless otherwise provided.



FCC &#8211; Federal Communications Commission.



Incumbent local exchange carrier &#8211; with respect to an area, the local
exchange carrier or its successor(s) that provided local exchange service in
such an area on the date of enactment of the federal Telecommunications Act of
1996 (P.L. 104-104).



Installation date &#8211; the date set by the telecommunications service
provider by which an installation of an access line is to be completed.



Local Exchange Service &#8211; a telecommunications service provided within an
exchange area.



Local Exchange Carrier &#8211; a provider of local exchange service within an
exchange area.



NENA standards &#8211; the standards adopted by the National Emergency Number
Association to provide guidance with 911 and E911 technical and operational
issues.



Out-of-service &#8211; a condition in which the customer either cannot complete
outgoing calls or receive incoming calls or where interference makes connected
calls incomprehensible.



Outage report &#8211; a report to the telecommunications service provider of an
out-of-service condition.



Residential customer _ a customer who subscribes to a telecommunications service
provider’s residential services.



Retail Quality of Service Measures &#8211; the measures used to evaluate
telecommunications service providers’ quality of service to retail customers.



Service outage &#8211; an outage that lasts for at least thirty (30) minutes and
affects one hundred (100) or more retail customers or one hundred (100) or more
retail access lines.  This definition includes an outage affecting the District
of Columbia’s PSAP in one of the following ways:







A loss of communications to the District of Columbia’s PSAP that is neither on
the premises of the PSAP nor caused by the PSAP and no rerouting of calls is
available;







A loss of E911 call processing capabilities in at least one (1) of the E911
selective routers/tandems;







Isolation of end-office switches or host/remote clusters from E911 service; or







loss of associated number and associated location information and/or a failure
of location determination equipment that is neither on the premises of the PSAP 
nor caused by the PSAP.



Tariff &#8211; a written schedule that describes the service being offered,
lists all terms and conditions, and specifies the rate or rates charged for the
service.



Telecommunications &#8211; the transmission, between or among points specified
by the user, of information of the user&#8217;s choosing, without change in the
form or content of the information as sent and received.



Telecommunications industry &#8211; communications businesses using regulated or
unregulated facilities or services and includes broadcasting,
telecommunications, cable, computer data transmission, software, programming,
advanced messaging and electronics.



Telecommunications service _ the offering of telecommunications for a fee
directly to the public or to such classes of users as to be effectively
available to the public, regardless of the facilities used.



Telecommunications service provider &#8211; an entity that provides
telecommunications services.  An entity that provides only telecommunications
services that are not regulated by the Commission is not included in this
definition.



Trouble &#8211; an impairment of the telephone network, or a deviation from its
design specifications.



	SOURCE: Final Rulemaking published at 48 DCR 4664, 4670 (May 25, 2001); as
amended by Final Rulemaking published at 51 DCR10016 (October 29, 2004); as
amended by Notice of Final Rulemaking published at 58 DCR 9020, 9041 (October
21, 2011); as amended by Notice of Final Rulemaking published at 59 DCR 781, 785
(February 3, 2012).
