                                  DC REGULATIONS

DEFINITIONS (ยง 20-2199)

Acts &#8211; D.C. Law 3-22, the District of Columbia Smoking Restriction Act of
1979 (D.C. Official Code ยง 7-1701 et seq.) and D.C. Law 16-90, the Department
of Health Functions Clarification Amendment Act of 2006 (D.C. Official Code ยง
7-741 et seq.).



Bar area of a restaurant &#8211; the area immediately adjacent to the bar in a
restaurant where there are no dining tables or that is primarily the area where
persons of legal drinking age consume alcoholic beverages purchased at the bar.



Director &#8211; the Director of the Department of Health.



Employee &#8211; the license holder, person in charge, person having supervisory
or management duties, person on the payroll, volunteer, or person performing
work under contractual agreement at a place of employment.



Enclosed area &#8211; the space between a floor and ceiling that is enclosed on
all sides by solid walls, windows, or doors, exclusive of doorways, that extend
from the floor to the ceiling, regardless of whether windows or doors are open.



Existing building &#8211; a building that was built, under construction, or had
a building permit issued on or before August 3, 1991.



Place of employment &#8211; an enclosed area under the control of a public or
private employer that employees normally frequent during the course of
employment, including work areas, employee lounges, restrooms, conference rooms,
classrooms, employee cafeterias, hallways, and vehicles owned by a private
employer, if the vehicle is used by more than one person. This term does not
apply to a private residence unless it is used as a child development center,
adult day care facility, or health care facility.



Public place &#8211; an enclosed area to which the public is invited or in which
the public is permitted, including banks, educational facilities, health care
facilities, laundromats, public transportation facilities, reception areas,
restaurants, retail food production and marketing establishments, nightclubs,
retail service establishments, retail stores, shopping malls, sports arenas,
taverns, theaters, and waiting rooms. This term does not apply to a private
residence unless it is used as a child development center, adult day care
facility, or health care facility.



Review &#8211; a critical evaluation, examination, or study on a retrospective
basis that may or may not include a formal examination of accounting records
with applicable audit standards.



Smoking &#8211; the act of burning a cigar, cigarette, pipe, or any other matter
or substance that contains tobacco.



Tobacco bar &#8211; a restaurant, tavern, brew pub, club, or nightclub that
generates ten percent (10%) or more of its total annual revenue from the on-site
sale of tobacco products, excluding sales from vending machines or the rental of
on-site humidors.



Tobacco product &#8211; any product made from or containing any percentage of
the dried processed leaves of the plant genus nicotiana or any byproduct thereof
used primarily for the purpose of smoking.



	SOURCE: Final Rulemaking published at 39 DCR 5926, 5931 (August 7, 1992); as
amended by Final Rulemaking published at 54 DCR 10623 (November 2, 2007).
