                                  DC REGULATIONS

DEFINITIONS (ยง 28-799)

799.1 When used in this chapter, the following terms and phrases shall have the
meanings prescribed:



Absconder &#8211; A pretrial CCC defendant conditionally released pursuant to
D.C. Official Code ยง 23-1321(c)(1)(B)(xi) (2001) who fails to return to his/her
assigned CCC after an authorized release into the community or who leaves the
CCC without authorization. The failure to return after an authorized release or
an unauthorized absence is a violation of the conditions of release and may
result in a prosecution for contempt of court pursuant to the provisions of D.C.
Official Code ยง 23-1329, or escape under D.C. Official Code ยง 22-2601.



Administrative hold &#8211; Confinement of a CCC defendant to the center, for a
period not to exceed twenty-four (24) hours (excluding weekends and holidays),
pending the investigation of a complaint/allegation of a program or center
violation.



Altered item &#8211; An item that has been modified or remanufactured for
purposes other than the original use.



Chain of custody &#8211; The practice of preserving evidence and documenting the
record of who handled and controlled the evidence.



Contraband &#8211; Any unauthorized item found in the possession or control of a
CCC defendant.



Curfew &#8211; The designated time that a CCC defendant is required by court
order or program requirement to return to the CCC following an authorized
release to the community.



Curfew violator &#8211; A CCC defendant who fails to return to the CCC at the
authorized time, returns after curfew, but before a warrant for escape is
issued.



Detention &#8211; The placement of a CCC defendant in the Central Detention
Facility (CDF) following a formal complaint/allegation of a Class I Infraction
pending judicial intervention and/or review, or following a formal
complaint/allegation of a Class II Infraction by a defendant who is reasonably
believed to present a high risk of danger to self or others, or presents a risk
of flight, and who has been remanded to the CDF for more than twenty-four (24)
hours.



Disciplinary team &#8211; The CCC staff designated by the CCC
Administrator/Director to conduct disciplinary hearings for violations of Class
II or Class III infractions.



Evidence &#8211; Any item or information that tends to establish or disprove a
fact.



Room Confinement/Restriction &#8211; The confinement of a CCC defendant, when
deemed appropriate by the CCC Administrator/Director or designee, to a room
within the facility except to attend work, school, scheduled medical
appointments, meals, legal visits, training programs and community service.



SOURCE: Final Rulemaking published at 49 DCR 4558, 4569-70 (May 17, 2002).
