                                  DC REGULATIONS

RESPONSIBILITIES OF RENTAL INCLUSIONARY DEVELOPMENT OWNERS AND TENANTS (§
14-2216)

No later than sixty (60) days before each anniversary of the first day of the
lease, a Household leasing a Rental Inclusionary Unit shall submit to the
Inclusionary Development Owner the following information and documents on or
with such form as may be prescribed by the Department of Housing and Community
Development:



(a)	A statement as to whether the Tenant intends to renew the lease; and



(b)	If the Tenant states that he or she intends to renew the lease:



(1)	A certification that the Household continues to occupy the unit as its
principal residence;



(2)	The names of each person residing in the unit;



(c)	A Certification of Income, Affordability, and Household Size that meets the
requirements of § 2213; and



(d)	A Declaration of Eligibility that meets the requirements of § 2213.







A Rental Inclusionary Unit, shall have rider attached to the lease agreement. 
The rider shall contain, but shall not be limited to the following terms:



(1)	The Tenant shall provide a Certification of Income, Affordability, and
Housing Size in accordance with § 2216.1;

(2)	The Tenant shall provide a Declaration of Eligibility in accordance with §
2216.1;



(3)	The Tenant shall maintain its eligibility for the Inclusionary Unit based on
the Tenant’s Household Size and Annual Income requirements;



(4)	The Tenant shall provide the information and documents required by § 2216.1
within the time period specified by § 2216.1



(5)	The Inclusionary Unit shall be the principal residence of all adult persons
who occupy the Inclusionary Unit; and



(6)	The Tenant shall not make intentional misrepresentations to the Department
of Housing and Community Development or the Certifying Entity;







The Owner may, in the Owner’s discretion, extend the deadline established by
§ 2216.1; provided, the deadline shall not be extended beyond the last day of
the Tenant’s lease.







If a Tenant is in violation of a lease agreement or rider, the Inclusionary
Development Owner shall  provide to the Tenant a notice to vacate in accordance
with  § 42-3505.01 of the D.C. Official Code.







If a notice to vacate is provided pursuant to § 2216.4, the Inclusionary
Development Owner may permit the Household to continue to occupy the unit at the
current rent for not less than three (3) and no more than six (6) months after
the Inclusionary Unit Owner provides to the Tenant the notice to vacate.
Acceptance of rent during this period will not constitute a waiver of the
violation of the lease or another obligation of tenancy or void the notice to
vacate.







An Inclusionary Unit Tenant shall not close on the purchase of residential
property before the Tenant has provided notice of the intent to terminate its
lease of the Inclusionary Unit in accordance with the terms of the lease.







The Inclusionary Development Owner shall not require payment of rent that is
greater than the maximum allowable rent determined in accordance with
§§ 2207.2 and 2207.4.







Annually within fifteen (15) days after the anniversary of the issuance date of
the first certificate of occupancy for an Inclusionary Unit in a Rental
Inclusionary Development, the Owner shall submit a report to the Department of
Housing and Community Development setting forth the following information for
the entire Rental Inclusionary Development:







	The number of Rental Inclusionary Units, by bedroom count, that are occupied;







	The number of Rental Inclusionary Units, by bedroom count, that were vacated
during the previous twelve (12) months;







	For each Rental Inclusionary Unit vacated during the previous twelve (12)
months, the unit number of the unit that was vacated, the number of days the
unit was vacant (or a statement that the unit is still vacant), and the date on
which a Notice of Availability was provided to the Department of Housing and
Community Development pursuant to § 2206;







	For each occupied Rental Inclusionary Unit, the names of all occupants, the
Household size, and the Household’s Annual Income as of the date of the most
recent Certification of Income, Affordability, and Housing Size;







	A sworn statement that to the best of the Owner’s information and knowledge,
the Annual Income and size of each Household occupying each Rental Inclusionary
Unit complies with the size and income limits applicable to the Rental
Inclusionary Unit; and







	A copy of each new and revised Certification of Income, Affordability, and
Housing Size provided in accordance with § 2216.1.



	SOURCE: Notice of Final Rulemaking published at 56 DCR 3907 (May 15, 2009); as
amended by Final Rulemaking published at 56 DCR 9295, 9314 (December 11, 2009).
