                                  DC REGULATIONS

DISTRICT LOTTERY – CONDUCT OF LOTTERIES (§ 14-2210)

No later than seventeen (17) days after receiving a Notice of Availability for
an Inclusionary Unit to be offered pursuant to a District lottery, the
Department of Housing and Community Development shall hold a lottery of those
Households on the District List that meet the size and Annual Income
requirements for the Inclusionary Unit as described in section § 2211.3.







Unit size eligibility shall be determined based upon the following standards:



Unit Size (Bedroom)

Minimum

Number of Persons in Unit

Maximum

Number of Persons in Unit



0

1

1



1

1

2



2

2

4



3

4

6



4

6

8



5

8

10



6

10

12









For each Inclusionary Unit, the Department of Housing and Community Development
shall randomly select at least four (4) Households through a lottery from the
District List.  If fewer than four (4) Households on the District List meet the
Household size and Annual Income standards applicable to the Inclusionary Unit,
the Department of Housing and Community Development shall hold a lottery from
the Miscellaneous List in order to select at least four (4) Households which
meet the Household size and Annual Income standards applicable for the
Inclusionary Unit.







The Households chosen shall then be ranked in the following order:







	Households residing in the District of Columbia, who shall then be ranked by
the length of time each has been on the District List;







	Households with at least one (1) member employed in the District of Columbia,
who shall then be ranked by the length of time each has been on the District
List; and







	Households on the Miscellaneous List, who shall then be ranked by the length of
time each has been on the Miscellaneous List.







If more than one (1) Household has been on the registration list for the same
period of time, their ranking shall be in the order in which the Households were
selected in the lottery.







If none of the Households selected through a lottery purchase or rent the
Inclusionary Unit, the Department of Housing and Community Development shall
continue to hold lotteries pursuant to the procedures set forth in this section
until a Household purchases or leases the Inclusionary Unit or the Inclusionary
Unit is leased or sold; except, the Department of Housing and Community
Development may permit the rental or sale of the Inclusionary Unit to a
Household that is not registered for the lottery if:



(a)	More than six (6) months has passed since the Notice of Availability was
submitted for the Inclusionary Unit and at least 2 lotteries have been
conducted;



2210.7 With respect to each Household selected pursuant to a lottery under this
section, the Department of Housing and Community Development shall provide a
notice under § 2211.

	SOURCE: Notice of Final Rulemaking published at 56 DCR 3907 (May 15, 2009); as
amended by Final Rulemaking published at 56 DCR 9295, 9308 (December 11, 2009).
