                                  DC REGULATIONS

NOTICE OF AVAILABILITY; HOUSING LOCATOR WEBSITE REGISTRATION (§ 14-2206)

The provisions of this section govern the process by which:







	The owner of a For Sale Inclusionary Development or a For Sale Inclusionary
Unit fulfills its obligation to notify the Department of Housing and Community
Development that an Inclusionary Unit is available for purchase; and







	The owner of a Rental Inclusionary Development fulfills its obligation to
notify the Department of Housing and Community Development that an Inclusionary
Unit is available for lease.







An Owner shall provide the notification described in § 2206.1 to the Department
of Housing and Community Development by filing a written Notice of Availability
in accordance with the provisions of this section.







An Inclusionary Development Owner shall file the initial Notice of Availability
for an Inclusionary Unit prior to the date of the certificate of occupancy final
inspection from the Department of Consumer and Regulatory Affairs for the
Inclusionary Development or the Inclusionary Unit.







An Owner of a Rental Inclusionary Unit shall file all subsequent Notices of
Availability no later than seventeen (17) days after a Tenant gives notice of
its intent to vacate the Inclusionary Unit, including a notice of intent
provided pursuant to § 2216.1, or the Owner becomes aware that the Tenant has
vacated or will vacate the Inclusionary Unit, whichever is earliest.







An Owner of a For Sale Inclusionary Unit shall file all subsequent Notices of
Availability at least forty-five (45) days before the date the Owner markets the
Inclusionary Unit to eligible Households or, if the Inclusionary Unit is to be
offered pursuant to a lottery performed pursuant to § 2210, at least
thirty-five (35) days before the lottery.







The Notice of Availability shall include:



(a)	The Inclusionary Unit’s street address and unit number;



(b)	The estimated date upon which the Inclusionary Unit will be available for
occupancy;



(c)	For each initial Notice of Availability for a For Sale or Rental
Inclusionary Unit, a list of any optional or required upfront or recurring fees
and costs, including but not limited to condominium, cooperative, or homeowner
association fees and fees or costs for amenities, services, upgrade options, or
parking.  For each such fee or cost, the following information shall be
provided:



(1)	The amount of the fee or cost;



(2)	A description of the fee or cost and how it will be charged; and



(3)	If applicable, the budget for the condominium, cooperative, or homeowner
association, the condominium, cooperative, or homeowner association fee for each
Market Rate Unit and each Inclusionary Unit, and the formula by which such fee
is assessed;



(d)	For each subsequent Notice of Availability for a For Sale or Rental
Inclusionary Unit, a list of any required upfront or recurring fees and costs,
including but not limited to condominium, cooperative, or homeowner association
fees and fees or costs for amenities, services, upgrade options, or parking, and
the amount of each such fee or cost;



(e)	For each subsequent Notice of Availability for a For Sale Inclusionary Unit,
an itemized list of all capital improvements and upgrades made to the
Inclusionary Unit that the Owner wishes the Department of Housing and Community
Development to consider when establishing the Maximum Resale Price pursuant to
§ 2218.  The Inclusionary Unit Owner shall document each cost or value claimed
with receipts, contracts, or other supporting evidence; 

(f)	For each subsequent Notice of Availability for a Rental Inclusionary Unit,
the method by which a Household shall be selected for the rental or sale of the
Inclusionary Unit, which method shall be consistent with § 2208;



(g)	Such other information as may be required by the Department of Housing and
Community Development.







Within five (5) days after the Owner files a Notice of Availability, the Owner
shall register the Inclusionary Unit for which the Notice of Availability was
filed with the housing locator website established by the District pursuant to
the Affordable Housing Clearinghouse Directory Act of 2008, effective August 15,
2008 (D.C. Law 17-215; 55 DCR 5313).



	SOURCE: Notice of Final Rulemaking published at 56 DCR 3907 (May 15, 2009); as
amended by Final Rulemaking published at 56 DCR 9295, 9303 (December 11, 2009).
