                                  DC REGULATIONS

APPLICATION FOR CERTIFICATE OF INCLUSIONARY ZONING COMPLIANCE (§ 14-2202)

The Inclusionary Development Owner shall file a written application for a
Certificate of Inclusionary Zoning Compliance with the Department of Consumer
and Regulatory Affairs no later than the date upon which the first application
for a building permit is filed for the Inclusionary Development.





The Inclusionary Development Owner shall include with its application for a
Certificate of Inclusionary Zoning Compliance payment of an application fee of
two hundred fifty dollars ($250).







The Inclusionary Development Owner shall file its application for a Certificate
of Inclusionary Zoning Compliance on a form prescribed by the Department of
Consumer and Regulatory Affairs and shall provide such information as is
requested on the form.







The application form for a Certificate of Inclusionary Zoning Compliance shall
include:







	The name of the Inclusionary Development, its marketing name if different, and
the apartment house or condominium name, if applicable;







	The street address of the Inclusionary Development;







	The zone district and, if applicable, overlay district in which the
Inclusionary Development is located;







	The current and proposed square, suffix, and lot numbers on which the
Inclusionary Development will be located;







	A list of all Inclusionary Units in the Inclusionary Development.  Each
Inclusionary Unit shall be identified by unit number, net square footage, and
the number of bedrooms.  The list shall also include, and separately identify,
any Inclusionary Units that will serve as the location for the offsite
compliance of another Inclusionary Development, as approved by the Board of
Zoning Adjustment, together with a copy of the Board of Zoning Adjustment order
approving the offsite compliance;







A certification from the Inclusionary Development’s architect or engineer that
the size of each Inclusionary Unit is at least ninety-eight percent (98%) of the
average size of the same type of Market Rate Unit in the development or at least
ninety-eight percent (98%) of the size indicated in the following table,
whichever is lesser:

Types of Dwelling

Type of Unit

Minimum Unit Size (square feet)



Multiple Family Dwelling

Studio/ Efficiency

400





One Bedroom

550





Two Bedroom

800





Three Bedroom

1000





Four Bedroom

1050



One or Two Household Dwellings

Two Bedroom

1000





Three Bedroom

1200





Four Bedroom

1400









A copy of the site plan, front elevation or block face, and all residential
floor plans for the Inclusionary Development.  The floor plans shall show the
location of each Inclusionary Unit and each Market Rate Unit and shall identify
each by unit number;







A copy of the building plat, if required by the Department of Consumer and
Regulatory Affairs pursuant to 12A DCMR § 106.1.12;









	A plan for the phasing of construction that demonstrates compliance with 11
DCMR § 2605.5, which requires that all Inclusionary Units in an Inclusionary
Development be constructed prior to or concurrently with the construction of
Market Rate Units, except that in a phased development, the Inclusionary Units
shall be constructed at a pace that is proportional with the construction of the
Market Rate Units;







	The total land area of all of the lots included in the Inclusionary
Development;







	The total gross square footage of the Inclusionary Units in the Inclusionary
Development, the net residential square footage of the Inclusionary Development,
and the gross residential square footage of the Inclusionary Development;







	The total net floor area that will be set aside for Inclusionary Units as
calculated by multiplying the total gross square footage of the Inclusionary
Units required by 11 DCMR § 2603 by the ratio of the net residential square
footage to the gross residential square footage of the Inclusionary Development;







	The total gross floor area of Inclusionary Units that will be set aside for Low
and Moderate Income Households, if such Inclusionary Units are required by 11
DCMR § 2603.3, calculated pursuant to the method set forth in paragraph (n) of
this subsection;







	A proposed schedule of standard finishes, fixtures, equipment, and appliances
for both Inclusionary Units and Market Rate Units;







	For each Inclusionary Unit, the approximate date by which the Inclusionary
Development Owner will provide a Notice of Availability pursuant to § 2206;





	If construction of the Inclusionary Development will result in the temporary
displacement of tenants who are entitled by law to return to comparable units, a
list of the Inclusionary Units for which a right of return exists; and 







	Such other information as may be requested by the Department of Consumer and
Regulatory Affairs.





	SOURCE: Notice of Final Rulemaking published at 56 DCR 3907 (May 15, 2009); as
amended by Final Rulemaking published at 56 DCR 9295, 9298 (December 11, 2009).
