                                  DC REGULATIONS

DISTRICT LOTTERY – REGISTRATION FOR LOTTERY (§ 14-2209)

In order to be eligible to participate in the District-conducted lottery for the
purchase or rent of an Inclusionary Unit, a Household shall register with the
Department of Housing and Community Development.







The Department of Housing and Community Development shall maintain at least the
two (2) following lottery registration lists:







	The District List, consisting of Households whose members live in, or at least
one (1) of whose members works in, the District of Columbia; and







	The Miscellaneous List, consisting of Households that do not qualify to be
placed on the District List.









A Household seeking to be placed on a registration list shall provide the
following information to the Department of Housing and Community Development on
such form as may be prescribed by the Department of Housing and Community
Development:



(a)	The name, address, and telephone number of the Household member who will
serve as the principal contact for the Department of Housing and Community
Development;



(b)	The Household’s size and estimated annual income;



(c)	If the Household consists entirely of a person enrolled as a full-time
student in a college or university, the annual income of the person’s parent
or guardian; and



(d)	For each adult Household member:







	Verification of current principal residence;





	If employed, verification of employment and the name and address of the
employer;







	If a college or university student, and the annual income of his or her parent
or guardian would qualify under the eligibility standards, verification of
matriculation; and







      Housing counseling certificate of completion.









Registration shall become effective on the date the application for registration
is, after review by the Department of Housing and Community Development,
considered complete and shall expire two (2) years thereafter, unless renewed
prior to expiration.







The Department of Housing and Community Development shall notify each registrant
of the date upon which their registration became effective and the date upon
which the registration will expire.







An application to renew a registration shall indicate any change in any
information that was required to be provided in the initial application.



	SOURCE: Notice of Final Rulemaking published at 56 DCR 3907 (May 15, 2009); as
amended by Final Rulemaking published at 56 DCR 9295, 9307 (December 11, 2009).
