                                  DC REGULATIONS

INCLUSIONARY DEVELOPMENT COVENANT (ยง 14-2204)

The Inclusionary Development Covenant shall be in a form found legally
sufficient by the Office of Attorney General and shall bind all persons with a
property interest in any or all of the Inclusionary Development, and all
assignees, mortgagees, purchasers, and other successors in interest, to such
declarations as the Department of Housing and Community Development may require,
but, at a minimum, shall include:







	A provision requiring that the present and all future Owners of a Rental
Inclusionary Development shall construct or maintain and reserve Inclusionary
Units at such affordability levels and in such number, square footage, and
comparable level of finish as indicated on the Certificate of Inclusionary
Zoning Compliance and shall rent such Inclusionary Units in accordance with the
Inclusionary Zoning Program and the Certificate of Inclusionary Zoning
Compliance;







	A provision requiring that the present and all future Owners of a For Sale
Inclusionary Development shall construct and maintain Inclusionary Units at such
affordability levels and in such number, and square footage as indicated on the
Certificate of Inclusionary Zoning Compliance and shall sell each Inclusionary
Unit in accordance with the Inclusionary Zoning Program and the Certificate of
Inclusionary Zoning Compliance;







	A provision binding all assignees, mortgagees, purchasers, and other successors
in interest to the Inclusionary Development Covenant; and







	A provision providing for the release or extinguishment of the Inclusionary
Development Covenant only upon the reasonable approval of the Department of
Housing and Community Development Inclusionary Zoning Administrator.







	A provision requiring that the sale or resale of an Inclusionary Unit shall be
only to a  Household selected by the Department of Housing and Community
Development or otherwise authorized by this Chapter, at a price that does not
exceed the Maximum Resale Price established in accordance with ยง 2218.







       The lease rider shall be attached as an Exhibit to the lease for a Rental
Inclusionary Unit and shall be executed by the Inclusionary Development Owner
and each Inclusionary Unit Tenant, including any occupant of a Rental
Inclusionary Unit that is eighteen (18) years old or older.







The Department of Housing and Community Development may require, in its sole
discretion, the use of a deed of trust to ensure compliance by an Inclusionary
Development Owner with the Inclusionary Development Covenant.







	SOURCE: Notice of Final Rulemaking published at 56 DCR 3907 (May 15, 2009); as
amended by Final Rulemaking published at 56 DCR 9295, 9301 (December 11, 2009).
