                                  DC REGULATIONS

DISTRICT LOTTERY – NOTIFICATION OF HOUSEHOLDS AND OWNERS (§ 14-2211)

No later than seventeen (17) days after a lottery is held, the Department of
Housing and Community Development shall provide to the Owner a written list of
the Households selected pursuant to the lottery, along with the lottery rank of
each Household.







Not later than seventeen (17) days after a lottery is held, the Department of
Housing and Community Development shall provide a notice to each of the
Households selected in the lottery of their selection and shall provide to each
Household their rank, the address, unit type, and maximum rent or purchase price
of the Inclusionary Unit for which the lottery was held and the means by which
the Household may provide to the Owner the confirmation and information required
by § 2211.3.







The notice provided pursuant to § 2211.2 shall inform each Household that the
Household is required to confirm its interest in the Unit to the Owner within
seventeen (17) days after the date of the notice and to provide the following to
the Owner within forty-five (45) days after the date of the notice:







	A Declaration of Eligibility, as described in § 2213;







	A Certification of Income, Affordability, and Housing Size, as described in
§ 2213;







	If purchasing a For Sale Inclusionary Unit, a pre-qualification letter from a
lender indicating the Household’s credit worthiness and ability to afford the
purchase price; and







Any other documents requested by the Department of Housing and Community
Development.







The notice shall also state that the Household must execute a pre-sale contract
or lease for the Inclusionary Unit no later than sixty (60) days after the date
of the notice.







A Household that fails to meet a deadline set forth in § 2211.3 or § 2211.4
shall be ineligible to purchase or rent the Inclusionary Unit, unless the Owner
extends the deadline.



	SOURCE: Notice of Final Rulemaking published at 56 DCR 3907 (May 15, 2009); as
amended by Final Rulemaking published at 56 DCR 9295, 9310 (December 11, 2009).
