                                  DC REGULATIONS

METHODOLOGY FOR VOLUME REQUIREMENTS (§ 29-8901)

An eligible professional shall establish and demonstrate, based on individual
and group practice methodology, compliance with the following volume
requirements:







An eligible professional shall have at least thirty percent (30%) of the
professional&#8217;s patient volume covered by Medicaid, except that:







A board-certified pediatrician who does not practice at a FQHC shall have a
minimum of twenty percent (20%) of patient encounters; and







Any eligible professional predominately practicing at a FQHC shall have at least
thirty percent (30%) of patient volume attributable to needy individuals.







An eligible professional shall calculate individual Medicaid patient volume by
dividing the total Medicaid patient encounters (in and out of the District) in
any continuous ninety (90) day period in the calendar year (CY) preceding the
eligible professional’s payment year, or in the twelve (12) months before the
eligible professional’s attestation; by the total patient encounters in the
same ninety (90) day period;







Subject to 42 C.F.R. § 495.306(h), an eligible professional shall calculate
group Medicaid patient volume by dividing the total Medicaid patient encounters
(in and out of the District across the entire group or clinic) in any continuous
ninety (90) day period in the CY preceding the eligible professional’s payment
year, or in the twelve (12) months before the eligible professional’s
attestation; by the total patient encounters (in and out of the District across
the entire group or clinic); and







An eligible professional practicing in a FQHC shall calculate needy individual
patient volume by dividing the total needy individual patient encounters in any
continuous ninety day period in the CY preceding the eligible professional’s
attestation; by the total patient encounters in the same ninety (90) day period.







An eligible acute care hospital shall have at least ten percent (10%)  Medicaid
patient volume based on individual methodology as calculated below:







An eligible hospital shall divide the total Medicaid patient encounters (in and
out of the District) in any continuous ninety (90) day period in the preceding
fiscal year (FY), or in the twelve (12) months before the eligible hospital’s
attestation; by







The total patient encounters in the same ninety (90) day period to calculate
individual Medicaid patient volume.







An eligible children’s hospital shall be exempt from volume requirements of
Subsections 8901.1 through 8901.2.





SOURCE: Final Rulemaking published at 61 DCR 237 (January 10, 2014).
