                                  DC REGULATIONS

PROVIDER ELIGIBILITY (§ 29-8900)

The Department of Health Care Finance (DHCF) shall administer the Medicaid
Electronic Health Record Incentive Payment Program (MEIP), which provides
incentive payments to certain eligible providers participating in the District
of Columbia Medicaid program as they adopt, implement, upgrade, or demonstrate
meaningful use of certified Electronic Health Record (EHR) technology.







The following providers shall be eligible for participation in MEIP:







Eligible professionals as identified in Subsection 8900.3; and







Eligible hospitals as identified in Subsection 8900.5.







An eligible professional shall be one (1) of the following:







A physician licensed in accordance with the District of Columbia Health
Occupations Revision Act of 1985, effective March 25, 1986 (D.C. Law 6-99; D.C.
Official Code §§ 3-1201 et seq. (2007 Repl. &#038; 2012 Supp.));







A dentist licensed to engage in the practice of dentistry as defined by §
102(5) of the District of Columbia Health Occupations Revision Act of 1985,
effective March 25, 1986 (D.C. Law 6-99; D.C. Official Code §§ 3-1201 et seq.
(2007 Repl. &#038; 2012 Supp.));







A certified nurse midwife licensed as an advanced practice registered nurse
pursuant to the District of Columbia Health Occupations Revision Act of 1985,
effective March 25, 1986 (D.C. Law 6-99; D.C. Official Code §§ 3-1201 et seq.
(2007 Repl. &#038; 2012 Supp.)), and certified by the American Midwifery
Certification Board (AMCB);







A nurse practitioner licensed as an advanced practice registered nurse pursuant
to the District of Columbia Health Occupations Revision Act of 1985, effective
March 25, 1986 (D.C. Law 6-99; D.C. Official Code §§ 3-1201 et seq. (2007
Repl. &#038; 2012 Supp.)); or







A physician’s assistant, licensed in accordance with the District of Columbia
Health Occupations Revision Act of 1985, effective March 25, 1986 (D.C. Law
6-99; D.C. Official Code §§ 3-1201 et seq. (2007 Repl. &#038; 2012 Supp.)),
who practices in a Federally Qualified Health Center (FQHC).







Consistent with the requirements of Subsection 8900.3, an eligible professional
shall not be hospital-based, unless the professional’s eligibility for
incentive payments is based on practice at a FQHC.







An eligible hospital shall be one (1) of the following:







An acute care hospital located in the District of Columbia; or







A children&#8217;s hospital located in the District of Columbia.







For each year of MEIP participation, an eligible provider shall meet all of the
following requirements:







Have no current or pending sanction identified by  the United States Department
of Health and Human Services, Office of Inspector General or the District of
Columbia list of excluded providers;







Declare the intent to participate by electronically registering with the CMS
using the Medicare and Medicaid electronic health record incentive program
registration and attestation website;







Use the District of Columbia State Level Registry to attest to the provider’s
qualifications to receive the incentive payment; and submit an electronic copy
of a signed attestation form at http://dc.arraincentive.com;







Meet Medicaid patient volume requirements consistent with the requirements of
Section 8901, “Methodology for Volume Requirements”, and the District of
Columbia State Medicaid Health Information Technology Plan (SMHP);







Submit a Certified Health IT Product List (CHPL) Product Number; and







Declare, if applicable, the intent to reassign incentive payments to a third
party subject to the requirements of 42 C.F.R. § 495.10(f).







For the first year of MEIP participation, an eligible provider shall meet the
requirements of Subsection 8900.6 and meet one (1) of the following conditions:







Demonstrate and attest to adopting, implementing or upgrading EHR technology as
defined in 42 C.F.R. § 495.302 that has been certified by the Office of the
National Coordinator for Health Information Technology; or







Demonstrate that it is a meaningful EHR user as defined in 42 C.F.R. § 495.4.







An eligible provider that demonstrates and attests to adopting, implementing or
upgrading EHR technology in accordance with Subsection 8900.7 shall report which
certified EHR technology they have adopted, implemented or upgraded to and
provide supporting documentation (e.g., purchase receipts or other proof of good
faith payment between purchaser and seller, or proof of binding contract) in a
manner specified by DHCF.







In the second, third, fourth, fifth, and sixth year of MEIP participation, an
eligible provider shall satisfy all of the following criteria:







Meet the requirements of Subsection 8900.6;







Demonstrate that it is a meaningful EHR user as defined in 42 C.F.R. § 495.4;
and







Use certified EHR technology interoperable with the system designated by the
District to report clinical quality measures.





SOURCE: Final Rulemaking published at 61 DCR 237 (January 10, 2014).
