                                  DC REGULATIONS

DEFINITIONS (§ 21-599)

599.1 When used in this chapter, the following terms andphrases shall have the
meanings ascribed: Advanced Design (AD) -Detailed design for an area of a
project described explicitly in a:Stage Two (2) Planned Unit Development (PUD)
application to theDistrict Zoning Commission; Application for design review
under theCapitol Gateway Overlay District to the District Zoning Commission;and
Final design submission to the National Capital PlanningCommission (NCPC).
Anacostia Waterfront Development Zone (AWDZ) -the following areas of the
District of Columbia, as delineated on amap in the Departmentâ€™s
Stormwater ManagementGuidebook: Interstate 395 and all rights-of-way of
Interstate 395,within the District, except for the portion of Interstate 395
thatis north of E Street, S.W., or S.E.; All land between that portionof
Interstate 395 that is south of E Street, S.W., or S.E., and theAnacostia River
or Washington Channel; All land between thatportion of Interstate 695, and all
rights of way, that are south ofE Street, S.W. or S.E., and the Anacostia River;
The portion ofInterstate 295 that is north of the Anacostia River, within
theDistrict, and all rights-of-way of that portion of Interstate 295;All land
between that portion of Interstate 295 that is north ofthe Anacostia River and
the Anacostia River; The portions of: TheAnacostia Freeway that are north or
east of the intersection of theAnacostia Freeway and Defense Boulevard and all
rights-of-way ofthat portion of the Anacostia Freeway; Kenilworth Avenue
thatextend to the northeast from the Anacostia Freeway to Eastern Ave;and
Interstate 295, including its rights-of-way that are east ofthe Anacostia River
and that extends to the southwest from theAnacostia Freeway to Defense
Boulevard. All land between thoseportions of the Anacostia Freeway, Kenilworth
Avenue, andInterstate 295 described in paragraph (6) of this section and
theAnacostia River; All land that is adjacent to the Anacostia Riverand
designated as parks, recreation, and open space on the Districtof Columbia
Generalized Land Use Map, dated January 2002, exceptfor the land that is: North
of New York Avenue, N.E.; East of theAnacostia Freeway, including rights-of-way
of the AnacostiaFreeway; East of the portion of Kenilworth Avenue that extends
tothe northeast from the Anacostia Freeway to Eastern Avenue; East ofthe portion
of Interstate 295, including its rights-of-way, that iseast of the Anacostia
River and that extends to the southwest fromthe Anacostia Freeway to Defense
Boulevard, but excluding theportion of 295 and its rights-of-way that go to the
northwestacross the Anacostia River; Contiguous to that portion of theSuitland
Parkway that is south of Martin Luther King, Jr. Avenue;or South of a line drawn
along, and as a continuation both east andwest of the center line of the portion
of Defense Boulevard betweenBrookley Avenue, S.W., and Mitscher Road, S.W.; All
land, excludingEastern High School, that is: Adjacent to the land described
inparagraph (8) of this section; West of the Anacostia River; andDesignated as a
local public facility on the District of ColumbiaGeneralized Land Use Map, dated
January 2002; All land that is:South or east of that portion of Potomac Avenue,
S.E., betweenInterstate 295 and 19th Street, S.E.; and West or north of
theAnacostia River; The portion of the Anacostia River within theDistrict; and
The Washington Channel. Anacostia WaterfrontDevelopment Zone Site (AWDZ site)
&#8211; A site within the AnacostiaWaterfront Development Zone that undergoes a
major regulatedproject that is publicly owned or publicly financed.
Animalconfinement area &#8211; An area, including a structure, used to
stable,kennel, enclose, or otherwise confine animals, not includingconfinement
of a domestic animal on a residential property.Applicant &#8211; A person or
their agent who applies for approvalpursuant to this chapter. As-built plan
&#8211; A set of architectural,engineering, or site drawings, sometimes
including specificationsthat certifies, describes, delineates, and presents
details of acompleted construction project. Best Management Practice (BMP)
-Structural or nonstructural practice that minimizes the impact ofstormwater
runoff on receiving waterbodies and other environmentalresources, especially by
reducing runoff volume and the pollutantloads carried in that runoff. Buffer
&#8211; An area along a stream,river, or other natural feature that provides
protection for thatfeature. Building permit &#8211; Authorization for
construction activityissued by the District of Columbia Department of Consumer
andRegulatory Affairs. Clearing &#8211; The removal of trees and brush fromthe
land excluding the ordinary mowing of grass, pruning of treesor other forms of
long-term landscape maintenance. Common plan ofdevelopment &#8211; Multiple,
separate, and distinct land-disturbing,substantial improvement, or other
construction activities takingplace under, or to further, a single, larger plan,
although theymay be taking place at different times on different
schedules.Compacted cover &#8211; An area of land that is functionally
permeable,but where permeability is impeded by increased soil bulk density
ascompared to natural cover, such as through grading, construction,or other
activity and will require regular human inputs such asperiodic planting,
irrigation, mowing, or fertilization. Examplesinclude landscaped planting beds,
lawns, or managed turf. Controlmeasure &#8211; Technique, method, device, or
material used to prevent,reduce, or limit discharge. Construction &#8211;
Activity conducted forthe: Building, renovation, modification, or razing of a
structure;or Movement or shaping of earth, sediment, or a natural or
builtfeature. Construction Codes â€“ The District ofColumbiaâ€™s
Construction Codes administered bythe District of Columbia Department of
Consumer and RegulatoryAffairs, and ordinarily consisting of the Building
Code,Residential Code, Electrical Code, Fuel Gas Code, Mechanical Code,Plumbing
Code, Property Maintenance Code, Fire Safety Code, EnergyConservation Code, and
waivers thereto authorized and duly grantedby the District of Columbiaâ€™s
code official.Critical area stabilization &#8211; Stabilization of areas
highlysusceptible to erosion, including down-slopes and side-slopes,through the
use of brick bats, straw, erosion control blanket mats,gabions, vegetation, and
other control measures. Cut &#8211; An act bywhich soil or rock is dug into,
quarried, uncovered, removed,displaced, or relocated and the conditions
resulting from thoseactions. DC Water â€“ The District of ColumbiaWater and
Sewer Authority. Demolition &#8211; The removal of part or allof a building,
structure, or built land cover. Departmentâ€“ The District Department of
the Environment,except that the term â€œdepartmentâ€shall simply mean the
wordâ€œdepartmentâ€ when the context clearlyshows that the term is so
used in the title of a statute or apublication. Department of Consumer and
Regulatory Affairs (DCRA)â€“ The District of Columbia Department ofConsumer
and Regulatory Affairs. Detention &#8211; Controlling the peakdischarge rate of
stormwater from a site. Dewatering &#8211; Removingwater from an area or the
environment using an approved technologyor method, such as pumping. Director
&#8211; The Director of the DistrictDepartment of the Environment. District
&#8211; The District of Columbia.Drainage area &#8211; Area contributing runoff
to a single point.Easement &#8211; A right acquired by a person to use
anotherpersonâ€™s land for a special purpose. Electronicmedia &#8211; Means
of communication via electronic equipment, includingthe internet. Erosion
&#8211; The process by which the ground surface,including soil and deposited
material, is worn away by the actionof wind, water, ice, or gravity. Excavation
&#8211; An act by which soilor rock is cut into, dug, quarried, uncovered,
removed, displacedor relocated and the conditions resulting from those
actions.Exposed area &#8211; Land that has been disturbed or land over
whichunstabilized soil or other erodible material is placed. Grading -Causing
disturbance of the earth, including excavating, filling,stockpiling of earth
materials, grubbing, root mat or topsoildisturbance, or any combination of them.
Impervious cover &#8211; Asurface area which has been compacted or covered with
a layer ofmaterial that impedes or prevents the infiltration of water intothe
ground, examples include conventional streets, parking lots,rooftops, sidewalks,
pathways with compacted sub-base, and anyconcrete, asphalt, or compacted gravel
surface and other similarsurfaces. Infiltration &#8211; The passage or movement
of surface waterthrough the soil profile. Land cover &#8211; Surface of land
that isimpervious, compacted, or natural. Land cover change &#8211; Conversionof
land cover from one type to another, typically in order tocomply with a
requirement of this chapter or to earn certificationof a Stormwater Retention
Credit. Land-disturbing activity -Movement of earth, land, or sediment that
disturbs the land surfaceand the related use of pervious land to support that
movement.Land-disturbing activity includes stripping, grading,
grubbing,trenching, excavating, transporting, and filling of land, as wellas the
use of pervious adjacent land for movement and storage ofconstruction vehicles
and materials. Land-disturbing activity doesnot include repaving or remilling
that does not expose theunderlying soil. Low Impact Development (LID) &#8211; A
land planning andengineering design approach to manage stormwater runoff within
adevelopment footprint. It emphasizes conservation, the use ofon-site natural
features, and structural best management practicesto store, infiltrate,
evapotranspire, retain, and detain rainfallas close to its source as possible
with the goal of mimicking therunoff characteristics of natural cover. Major
land-disturbingactivity &#8211; Activity that disturbs, or is part of a common
plan ofdevelopment that disturbs, five thousand square feet (5,000 ft2)
orgreater of land area, except that multiple distinct areas that eachdisturb
less than 5,000 ft2 of land and that are in separate,non-adjacent sites do not
constitute a major land-disturbingactivity. Major regulated project &#8211; A
major land-disturbingactivity or a major substantial improvement activity.
Majorsubstantial improvement activity &#8211; Substantial improvement
activityand associated land-disturbing activity, including such activitiesthat
are part of a common plan of development, for which thecombined footprint of
improved building and land-disturbingactivity is five thousand square feet
(5,000 ft2) or greater. Amajor substantial improvement activity may include a
substantialimprovement activity that is not associated with land
disturbance.Market value of a structure &#8211; Assessed value of the structure
forthe most recent year, as recorded in the real property assessmentdatabase
maintained by the District ofColumbiaâ€™s Office of Tax and Revenue.
Naturalcover &#8211; Land area that is dominated by vegetation and does
notrequire regular human inputs such as irrigation, mowing, orfertilization to
persist in a healthy condition. Examples includeforest, meadow, or pasture.
Nonstructural Best Management Practice(BMP) &#8211; A land use, development, or
management strategy to minimizethe impact of stormwater runoff including
conservation of naturalcover or disconnection of impervious surface. Off-site
retention -Use of a stormwater retention credit or payment of in-lieu fee
inorder to achieve an off-site retention volume under theseregulations. Off-Site
Retention Volume (Offv) &#8211; A portion of arequired stormwater retention
volume or required Water QualityTreatment Volume that is not retained on site.
On-site retention -Retention of a siteâ€™s stormwater on that site orvia
conveyance to a shared best management practice on anothersite. On-site
stormwater management &#8211; Retention, detention, ortreatment of stormwater on
site or via conveyance to a shared bestmanagement practice. Original Stormwater
Retention Credit (SRC)owner &#8211; A person who is indicated as the proposed
SRC owner in anapplication to the Department for the certification of an SRC.
Theproposed SRC owner becomes the original SRC owner upon theDepartmentâ€™s
certification of the SRC. Owner -The person who owns real estate or other
property, or thatpersonâ€™s agent. Peak discharge &#8211; The maximumrate
of flow of water at a given point and time resulting from astorm event. Person
&#8211; A legal entity, including an individual,partnership, firm, association,
joint venture, public or privatecorporation, trust, estate, commission, board,
public or privateinstitution, cooperative, the District government and its
agencies,and the federal government and its agencies. Post-development
-Describing conditions that may be reasonably expected to existafter completion
of land development activity on a site. Practice -A system, device, material,
technique, process, or procedure thatis used to control, reduce, or eliminate an
impact from stormwater;except where the context indicates its more typical use
as a termdescribing a custom, application, or usual way of doing
something.Pre-development &#8211; Describing conditions of meadow land and
itsrelationship to stormwater before human disturbance of the land.Pre-project
&#8211; Describing conditions, including land covers, on asite that exist before
the construction described in a stormwatermanagement plan has begun.
Publicly-owned or publicly-financedproject â€“ A project: (a) That is
District-ownedor District-instrumentality owned; (b) Where at least
fifteenpercent (15%) of a projectâ€™s total cost isDistrict-financed or
District-instrumentality financed; or Thatincludes a gift, lease, or sale from
District-owned or Districtinstrumentality-owned property to a private entity.
Public Right ofWay (PROW) &#8211; The surface, the air space above the
surface(including air space immediately adjacent to a private structurelocated
on public space or in a public right of way), and the areabelow the surface of
any public street, bridge, tunnel, highway,railway track, lane, path, alley,
sidewalk, or boulevard. PublicSpace &#8211; All the publicly owned property
between the property lineson a street, park, or other public property as such
property linesare shown on the records of the District. This includes
anyroadway, tree space, sidewalk, or parking between such propertylines, but it
excludes adjacent parks and other public propertythat is not associated with the
public right of way Raze &#8211; Thecomplete removal of a building or other
structure down to theground or to its foundation. Record drawing &#8211; The
final annotatedset of engineering drawings for a construction project,
whichincludes all deviations, field changes, approved changes,constructed depths
of footing and structural elements, andhorizontal and vertical locations of
utility facilities referencedto survey data. Responsible person &#8211;
Construction personnelknowledgeable in the principles and practices of erosion
andsediment control and certified by a Department-approved soilerosion and
sedimentation control training program to assessconditions at the construction
site that would impact theeffectiveness of a soil erosion or sediment control
measure on thesite. Retention &#8211; Keeping a volume of stormwater runoff on
sitethrough infiltration, evapo-transpiration, storage for non-potableuse, or
some combination of these. Retention capacity &#8211; The volumeof stormwater
that can be retained by a best management practice orland cover. Retention
failure &#8211; Failure to retain a volume ofstormwater for which there is an
obligation to achieve retention,including retention that an applicant promises
to achieve in orderto receive Department-certified Stormwater Retention
Credits.Retention failure may result from a failure in construction,operation,
or maintenance; a change in stormwater flow; or a fraud,misrepresentation, or
error in an underlying premise in anapplication. Retrofit &#8211; A best
management practice or land coverinstalled in a previously developed area to
improve stormwaterquality or reduce stormwater quantity relative to
currentconditions. Runoff &#8211; That portion of precipitation
(includingsnow-melt) which travels over the land surface, and also fromrooftops,
either as sheetflow or as channel flow, in small tricklesand streams, into the
main water courses. Sediment &#8211; Soil,including soil transported or
deposited by human activity or theaction of wind, water, ice, or gravity.
Sedimentation &#8211; Thedeposition or transportation of soil or other surface
materialsfrom one place to another as a result of an erosion process. SharedBest
Management Practice (S-BMP) &#8211; A Best Management Practice(BMP), or
combination of BMPs, providing stormwater management forstormwater conveyed from
another site or sites. Site &#8211; A tract, lotor parcel of 1and, or a
combination of tracts, 1ots, or parcels ofland for which development is
undertaken as part of a unit,sub-division, or project. The mere divestiture of
ownership orcontrol does not remove a property from inclusion in a site.
SiteDrainage Area (SDA) &#8211; The area that drains to a point on a sitefrom
which stormwater discharges. Soil &#8211; All earth material ofwhatever origin
that overlies bedrock and may include thedecomposed zone of bedrock which can be
readily excavated bymechanical equipment. Soil Erosion and Sediment Control Plan
&#8211; Aset of drawings, calculations, specifications, details, andsupporting
documents related to minimizing or eliminating erosionand off-site sedimentation
caused by stormwater on a constructionsite. It includes information on
construction, installation,operation, and maintenance. Soils report &#8211; A
geotechnical reportaddressing all erosion and sediment control-related
soilattributes, including but not limited to site soil drainage andstability.
Storm sewer &#8211; A system of pipes or other conduits whichcarries or stores
intercepted surface runoff, street water, andother wash waters, or drainage, but
excludes domestic sewage andindustrial wastes. Stormwater &#8211; Flow of water
that results fromrunoff, snow melt runoff, and surface runoff and
drainage.Stormwater Management &#8211; A system to control stormwater runoff
withstructural and nonstructural best management practices, including:(a)
quantitative control of volume and rate of surface runoff and(b) qualitative
control to reduce or eliminate pollutants inrunoff.Â Stormwater Management
Guidebook (SWMG) &#8211; The currentmanual published by the Department
containing design criteria,specifications, and equations to be used for
planning, design, andconstruction, operations, and maintenance of a site and
each bestmanagement practice on the site. Stormwater Management Plan (SWMP)- A
set of drawings, calculations, specifications, details, andsupporting documents
related to the management of stormwater for asite. A SWMP includes information
on construction, installation,operation, and maintenance. Stormwater Pollution
Prevention Plan(SWPPP) &#8211; A document that identifies potential sources
ofstormwater pollution at a construction site, describes practices toreduce
pollutants in stormwater discharge from the site, and mayidentify procedures to
achieve compliance. Stormwater RetentionCredit (SRC) &#8211; One gallon (1 gal.)
of retention for one (1) year,as certified by the Department. May also be
referred to as aRainReC. Stormwater Retention Credit Ceiling &#8211; Maximum
retentionfor which the Department will certify a Stormwater RetentionCredit,
calculated using the Stormwater Retention Volume (SWRv)equation with P equal to
1.7 inches. Stormwater Retention Volume(SWRv) &#8211; Volume of stormwater from
a site for which the site isrequired to achieve retention. Stripping &#8211; An
activity whichremoves or significantly disturbs the vegetative surface
coverincluding clearing, grubbing of stumps and rock mat, and top soilremoval.
Substantial improvement &#8211; A repair, alteration, addition,or improvement of
a building or structure, the cost of which equalsor exceeds fifty percent (50%)
of the market value of the structurebefore the improvement or repair is started.
Structural bestmanagement practice &#8211; A practice engineered to minimize the
impactof stormwater runoff, including a bioretention, green roof,permeable
paving system, system to capture stormwater fornon-potable uses, etc.
Supplemental review &#8211; A review that theDepartment conducts after the
review it conducts for a firstre-submission of a plan. Swale &#8211; A narrow
low-lying stretch of landwhich gathers or carries surface water runoff.
Transition PeriodOne (TP1) â€“ The one hundred and eighty (180) dayperiod
of time starting upon publication of the notice of adoptionas final in the D.C.
Register of the stormwater retentionrulemaking. TP1 ends at the close of
business on January 15, 2014.Transition Period Two A (TP2A) â€“ For a
majorland-disturbing activity, the three hundred and sixty-five (365)day period
of time starting at the completion of Transition PeriodOne. TP2A ends at the
close of business on January 15, 2015.Transition Period Two B (TP2B) â€“
For a majorsubstantial improvement activity, the five hundred and
forty-five(545) day period of time starting at the completion of
TransitionPeriod One. TP2B ends at the close of business on July 14, 2015.Waste
material &#8211; Construction debris, dredged spoils, solid waste,sewage,
garbage, sludge, chemical wastes, biological materials,heat, wrecked or
discarded equipment, rock, sand, cellar dirt, andindustrial or municipal waste.
SOURCE: Section 8-2802 of the SoilErosion and Sedimentation Control Act of 1977
(D.C. Law 2-23; 24DCR 792 (July 22, 1977)); as amended by Â§ 8-2:802 of
theWater Quality Standard Approval Act of 1977 (D.C. Law 2-68; 24 DCR6809
(February 17, 1978)); as amended by Final Rulemaking publishedat 35 DCR 21, 28
(January 1, 1988); 8 DCRR, Health Regulations(1965 Edition); as amended by Â§
4 of the Soil Erosionand Sedimentation Control Amendment Act of 1994 (D.C. Law
10-166;41 DCR 4892, 4893 (July 22, 1994)); as amended by Final
Rulemakingspublished at 60 DCR 10640 (July 19, 2013) and 60 DCR 10732 (July19,
2013). .
