                                  DC REGULATIONS

SOLVENT CLEANING â€“ ALTERNATIVECOMPLIANCE (§ 20-768)

768.1 As an alternative to complying with the provisionsof Â§Â§ 764 through
767, the operator of asolvent cleaning machine may demonstrate compliance
withÂ§ 768.3 and 768.4. 768.2 The operator shall maintainrecords sufficient to
demonstrate compliance. The records, whichshall be maintained for not less than
two (2) years, shall include,at a minimum, the quantity of solvent added to and
removed from thesolvent cleaning machine, and the dates of the addition
andremoval. Â 768.3 If the cleaning machine has a solvent/airinterface, the
owner or operator shall: Â (a) Maintain a logof solvent additions and deletions
for each solvent cleaningmachine; and Â (b) Ensure that emissions from each
solventcleaning machine are equal to or less than the applicable emissionlimit
presented in Table II of this section. Table II. Emissionlimits for Batch Vapor
and In-Line Solvent Cleaning Machines with aSolvent/Air Interface Solvent
Cleaning Machine Three (3) MonthRolling Average (kg./m.2/month) Monthly Emission
Limit:(lb./ft.2/month) Solvent cleaning machines batch vapor 150 30.7Existing
inline solvent cleaning machines 153 31.3 New inlinesolvent cleaning machines 99
20.2 Â 768.4 If the cleaningmachine is a batch vapor cleaning machine and does
not have asolvent/air interface, the owner or operator shall: (a) Maintain alog
of solvent additions and deletions for each solvent cleaningmachine; and Â (b)
Ensure that the emissions from each solventcleaning machine are equal to or less
than the appropriate limitsas described in Â§ 768.5 and 768.6. Each owner
oroperator of a batch vapor or in-line cleaning machine shalldemonstrate
compliance with the applicable three (3) month rollingaverage monthly emission
limit on a monthly basis. Â 768.5 Forcleaning machines with a cleaning capacity
that is less than orequal to two and ninety-five one hundredths cubic meters
(2.95m.3), the emission limit shall be determined using Table I inÂ§ 767.3 or
the equation in Â§ 768.6. If thetable is used, and the cleaning capacity of
the cleaning machinefalls between two cleaning capacity sizes, then the lower of
thetwo (2) emission limits applies; 768.6 For cleaning machines with acleaning
capacity that is greater than two and ninety-five onehundredths cubic meters
(2.95 m.3), the emission limit shall bedetermined using the following equation:
Â EL = 330 (vol)0.6Â where: Â EL = the three (3) month rolling averagemonthly
emission limit (kilograms/month); vol = the cleaningcapacity of machine (cubic
meters); Â 768.7 Each owner oroperator of a batch vapor or inline solvent
cleaning machine shalldemonstrate compliance with the applicable three (3) month
rollingaverage monthly emission limit on a monthly basis. If theapplicable three
(3) month rolling average emission limit is notmet, an exceedance has occurred.
All exceedances shall be reportedto the District within thirty (30) days of the
determination of theexceedance. 768.8 The owner or operator of a batch vapor or
in-linesolvent cleaning machine shall maintain records and determinecompliance
in accordance with the following: (a) On the firstoperating day of every month
ensure that the solvent cleaningmachine system contains only clean liquid
solvent; (1) Thisincludes, but is not limited to, fresh unused solvent,
recycledsolvent, and used solvent that has been cleaned of soils; (2) Afill line
must be indicated during the first month the measurementsare made; (3) The
solvent level within the machine must be returnedto the same fill-line each
month, immediately before calculatingmonthly emissions; and (4) The solvent
cleaning machine does nothave to be emptied and filled with fresh unused solvent
before thecalculations. (b) Using the records of all solvent additions
anddeletions for the previous monthly reporting period, determinesolvent
emissions using one (1) of the following equations: (1) Forcleaning machines
with a solvent/air interface: Â Âwhere: Â E = the total halogenated HAP
solvent emissions fromthe solvent cleaning machine during the most recent
monthlyreporting period (kilograms of solvent per square meter ofsolvent/air
interface area per month);Â SA = the total amountof halogenated HAP liquid
solvent added to the solvent cleaningmachine during the most recent monthly
reporting period (kilogramsof solvent per month); LSR = the total amount of
halogenated HAPliquid solvent removed from the solvent cleaning machine during
themost recent monthly reporting period (kilograms of solvent permonth);Â SSR =
the total amount of halogenated HAP solventremoved from the solvent cleaning
machine in solid waste during themost recent monthly reporting period (kilograms
of solvent permonth) determined from tests conducted using EPA reference
method25d or by engineering calculations included in the compliancereport;Â
Area = the solvent/air interface area of the solventcleaning machine (square
meters); or Â (2) For cleaningmachines without a solvent/air interface: E =
SA-LSR-SSR where: E =the total halogenated HAP solvent emissions from the
solventcleaning machine during the most recent monthly reporting
period(kilograms of solvent per month); SA = the total amount ofhalogenated HAP
liquid solvent added to the solvent cleaningmachine during the most recent
monthly reporting period (kilogramsof solvent per month);Â LSR = the total
amount of halogenatedHAP liquid solvent removed from the solvent cleaning
machine duringthe most recent monthly reporting period (kilograms of solvent
permonth);Â SSR = the total amount of halogenated HAP solventremoved from the
solvent cleaning machine in solid waste during themost recent monthly reporting
period (kilograms of solvent permonth) determined from tests conducted using EPA
reference method25d (40 C.F.R. Â§ 60) or by engineering calculationsincluded
in the compliance report; and (c) Determine the monthlyrolling average, EA, for
the three (3) month period ending with themost recent reporting period using one
(1) of the followingequations: (1) For cleaning machines with a solvent/air
interface:Â where: Â EA = the average halogenated HAP solventemissions over
the preceding three (3) monthly reporting periods,(kilograms of solvent per
square meter of solvent/air interfacearea per month); E = halogenated HAP
solvent emissions for eachmonth (j) for the most recent three (3) monthly
reporting periods(kilograms of solvent per square meter of solvent/air
interfacearea);Â j=1 = the most recent monthly reporting period; j=2 =the
monthly reporting period immediately before j=1; j=3 = themonthly reporting
period immediately before j=2; or Â (2) Forcleaning machines without a
solvent/air interface: Â Âwhere: EA = the average halogenated HAP solvent
emissions over thepreceding three (3) monthly reporting periods (kilograms of
solventper month);Â E = halogenated HAP solvent emissions for eachmonth (j) for
the most recent three (3) monthly reporting periods(kilograms of solvent per
month); j=1 = the most recent monthlyreporting period; j=2 = the monthly
reporting period immediatelybefore j=1; j=3 = the monthly reporting period
immediately beforej=2. SOURCE: Notice of Final Rulemaking published at 58 DCR
11286,11384 (December 30, 2011).
