                                  DC REGULATIONS

CONSUMER PRODUCTS – CONTACT ADHESIVES, ELECTRONIC CLEANERS, FOOTWEAR AND
LEATHER CARE PRODUCTS, AND GENERAL PURPOSE DEGREASERS (§ 20-727)

727.1 	Except as provided in sections § 727.2 and 727.4, effective January 1,
2012, no person shall sell, supply, offer for sale, or manufacture for use in
the District of Columbia any contact adhesive, electronic cleaner, footwear or
leather care product, or general purpose degreaser that contains methylene
chloride, perchloroethylene, or trichloroethylene.



727.2 	Contact adhesives, electronic cleaners, footwear or leather care
products, or general purpose degreasers that contain methylene chloride,
perchloroethylene, or trichloroethylene and were manufactured before January 1,
2012, may be sold, supplied, or offered for sale until May 1, 2012, so long as
the product container or package displays the date on which the product was
manufactured, or a code indicating such date, in accordance with § 732.



727.3 	Any person who sells or supplies a consumer product identified above in
§ 727.1 shall notify the purchaser of the product, in writing, that the
sell-through period for that product will end on May 1, 2012, provided, however,
that this notification must be given only if both of the following conditions
are met:







The product is sold or supplied through a distributor or retailer; and







The product is sold or supplied on or after January 1, 2012.



727.4 	The requirements of § 727.1 and 721.3 shall not apply to any contact
adhesives, electronic cleaner, footwear or leather care product, or general
purpose degreaser containing methylene chloride, perchloroethylene, or
trichloroethylene that is present as an impurity in a combined amount equal to
or less than one one-hundredth of a percent (0.01%) by weight.





	SOURCE: Final Rulemaking published at 51 DCR 3879 (April 16, 2004); as amended
by Final Rulemaking published at 51 DCR 10781 (November 26, 2004); as amended by
Notice of Final Rulemaking published at 58 DCR 11286, 11315 (December 30, 2011).
