                                  DC REGULATIONS

INCREASED REIMBURSEMENT FOR ELIGIBLE PRIMARY CARE SERVICES (§ 29-938)

Except as provided in Subsection 938.2, primary care services eligible  for
increased reimbursement under the  Healthcare  Common  Procedure  Coding System
(HCPCS) shall include  evaluation  and  management  (E&#038;M)  services billed
under codes 99201 through 99499; and Current Procedural  Terminology (CPT)
vaccine administration codes 90460, 90461, 90471, 90472, 90473, and 90474, or
their successor codes. DHCF shall publish a list of all eligible codes on its
provider website at www.dc-medicaid.com.







Services billed under codes that were not reimbursable under the DHCF fee
schedule as of January 1, 2013 shall be ineligible for reimbursement. DHCF shall
publish a list of ineligible codes on its provider website at
www.dc-medicaid.com.







An eligible primary care physician shall receive increased reimbursement for
eligible primary care services, provided the following requirements are met:







A physician provides a written self-attestation that the physician has a
specialty designation of family medicine, general internal medicine, or
pediatric medicine; and







A primary care physician provides  a  written  self-attestation  of  the
following:







That he or she has Board-certification in family medicine, general internal
medicine, pediatric medicine, or in a subspecialty of family medicine; general
internal medicine or pediatric medicine as designated by the American Board of
Medical Specialties (ABMS); the American Board of Physician Specialties (ABPS);
or the American Osteopathic Association (AOA); or







He or she has provided E&#038;M and vaccine administration services under the
codes described in Subsection 938.1 that equal at least sixty percent (60%) of
all the Medicaid services that the physician bills during either of the
following:







The most recently completed calendar year; or







The month prior to the month that DHCF receives the self-attestation form
referenced in Subsections 938.4 through 938.9, for a physician enrolled in
Medicaid for less than a full calendar year.







An Advanced Practice Registered Nurse (APRN) shall receive increased
reimbursement for eligible primary care services billed pursuant to the FPS fee
schedule, provided the APRN provides eligible primary care services under the
direct supervision of a physician who:







Meets the eligibility requirements of Subsection 938.3;







Assumes professional responsibility for the services provided by the APRN; and







Has submitted a self-attestation form, as described in Subsections 938.3 through
938.9, which identifies the APRN as a practitioner under the physician&#8217;s
direct supervision.







To receive reimbursement under this rule for calendar year (CY) 2013 and CY
2014, an eligible physician shall provide the DHCF with a self-attestation that
the physician meets the requirements of Subsection 938.3 using a form prescribed
by DHCF.







Except as provided in Subsection 938.7, reimbursement under this rule shall
commence from the date that DHCF receives the self-attestation form from an
eligible provider, as described in Subsections 938.3 through 938.9.







Reimbursement shall be made in accordance with the corresponding State Plan
Amendment as approved by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS),
provided an eligible physician who is participating in Medicaid on the effective
date of these rules shall submit the self-attestation form, as described by
Subsections 938.3 through 938.6, to DHCF no later than July 1, 2013.







An eligible physician, who has submitted a self-attestation form as required by
Subsection 938.3, is obligated to inform DHCF in writing of any changes that
alter the physician’s eligibility for reimbursement under this rule.







An APRN who provides eligible primary care services under the direct supervision
of an eligible physician shall be exempt from the self-attestation form
requirement.







For eligible primary care services rendered by an eligible physician, FPS
Medicaid reimbursement shall be made at the lower of the physician&#8217;s
billed charges or the applicable reimbursement rate, as defined in Subsection
938.13.







For eligible primary care services rendered by an APRN, FFS Medicaid
reimbursement shall be made in accordance with the approved State Plan using the
applicable rate, as defined in Subsection 938.13.







Reimbursement rates established pursuant to this section apply to eligible
primary care services billed as fee-for-service that are furnished on and after
the effective date of the corresponding State Plan Amendment as approved by CMS
and ending on December 31, 2014.







The applicable rates for eligible primary care services shall be as follows:







For eligible E&#038;M services:







The applicable rate for services furnished for the period beginning with the
effective date of the corresponding State Plan Amendment as approved by the
Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) through December 31, 2013 shall
be the higher of the Medicare Part B fee schedule rate that is applicable to the
non-­ facility site of service in effect on January 1, 2013 or the rate that
would be derived using the CY 2009 conversion factor and the CY 2013 Medicare
relative value units (RVUs); and







The applicable rate for services furnished for the period beginning January 1,
2014 through December 31, 2014 shall be the higher of the Medicare Part B fee
schedule rate that is applicable to the Medicare Part B fee schedule rate that
is applicable to the non-facility site of service in effect on January 1, 2014
or the rate that would be derived using the CY 2009 conversion factor and the CY
2014 Medicare relative value units (RVUs).









For eligible vaccine administration services:







The applicable rate for services furnished for the period beginning with the
effective date of the corresponding State Plan Amendment as approved by the
Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) through December 31, 2013 shall
be the Regional Maximum Administration Fee in effect in CY 2013; and







The applicable rate for services furnished for the period beginning January 1,
2014 through December 31, 2014 shall be the Regional Maximum Administration Fee
in effect in CY 2014.









DHCF shall publish the applicable rates for eligible primary care services each
calendar year on its provider website at www.dc-medicaid.com/. 







The eligibility of each physician or APRN shall be subject to verification that
the physician or APRN has complied with the requirements set forth in this rule.







Any administrative action with respect to an eligible physician or APRN found in
violation of the rule, shall comply with the requirements set forth in Chapter
13 of Title 29 DCMR.



938.99      	For the purposes of this section, the following terms shall have
the meanings ascribed:



Advanced Practice Registered Nurse (APRN): A licensed registered nurse with
advanced education, knowledge, skills, and scope of practice who has been
certified to perform advanced­ level nursing actions by a national certifying
body acceptable to the Board of Nursing; and pursuant to District of Columbia
Health Occupations Revisions Act of 1985, effective March 25, 1986 (D.C. Law
6-99; D.C. Official Code §§ 3-1201 et seq. (2007 Repl. &#038; 2011 Supp.)).
Advanced practice registered nursing shall include the categories of nurse
midwife and nurse­ practitioner. (D.C. Official Code§ 3-1202.04 (2007 Repl.
&#038; 2011 Supp.)).







SOURCE: Final Rulemaking published at 50 DCR 2042 (March 7, 2003); as amended by
Final Rulemaking published at 50 DCR 6703 (August 15, 2003); as amended by Final
Rulemaking published at 50 DCR 7832 (September 19, 2003); as amended by Final
Rulemaking published at 55 DCR 2858 (March 21, 2008); as amended by Final
Rulemaking published at 61 DCR 225 (January 10, 2014).
