                                  DC REGULATIONS

PERMIT APPLICATIONS FOR INDUSTRIAL USERS WITHIN THE DISTRICT (§ 21-1504)

WASA may require persons to complete and submit to WASA a questionnaire for the
purpose of determining which Users need to submit a permit application. This
questionnaire shall be completed and returned within fifteen (15) days of
receipt or as stated on the questionnaire. Based on the information provided in
response to the questionnaire, WASA may request the User to submit a permit
application.







Each new Significant Industrial User located within the District proposing to
directly or indirectly discharge into the District’s wastewater system shall
apply for a Wastewater Discharge Permit at least ninety (90) days before
connecting to, or discharging into, the wastewater system.







Each new Non-Significant Non-Categorical Industrial User located within the
District proposing to directly or indirectly discharge into the wastewater
system of the District shall apply for a Wastewater Discharge Permit at least
ninety (90) days before connecting to, or discharging into, the wastewater
system if they know or have reason to know that their discharges exceed the
District’s Pretreatment Standards.







All existing Significant Industrial Users located within the District that do
not have a current Wastewater Discharge Permit and are directly or indirectly
discharging into the wastewater system of the District shall immediately apply
for a Wastewater Discharge Permit.







All existing Non-Significant Non-Categorical Industrial Users located within the
District that do not have a current Wastewater Discharge Permit and are directly
or indirectly discharging into the District’s wastewater system shall
immediately apply for a Wastewater Discharge Permit if they know or have reason
to know that their discharges exceed the District’s Pretreatment Standards.







Applications for Wastewater Discharge Permits shall contain at least the
following:







Name, address, office telephone number, and Standard Industrial Classification
or North American Industry Classification System number(s) of applicant;







A list of any environmental permits held by or for the facility;







Volume of wastewater to be discharged expressed in gallons per day.  For
Categorical Industrial Users, the volume of wastewater from each regulated or
manufacturing process stream is required and other streams as necessary to allow
use of the combined wastestream formula;







Time and duration of discharge;







Average and thirty (30) minute peak wastewater flow rates, including daily,
monthly and seasonal variations, if any;







The results of sampling and analysis identifying the nature and concentration
and/or mass, where required by a Categorical Standard, of regulated pollutants
in the discharge from each regulated process, including the parameters listed in
Table I in § 1501.8, biochemical oxygen demand, total suspended solids, total
nitrogen, total phosphorus, and pH.  The sample shall be representative of daily
operations and shall be analyzed in accordance with procedures outlined in §
1507;







For Categorical Industrial Users, the categorical pretreatment standards
applicable to each regulated process and any new categorically regulated
processes for Existing Sources;







Ground plan or plat that indicates locations of building sewers, building
drains, process waste sewers, monitoring and pretreatment facilities, buildings,
property lines, adjacent streets and sewers, and industrial process
facilities’







Description of activities, facilities and plant processes on or proposed at the
premises, including all materials and types of materials which are or could be
discharged to the wastewater system;







Each product produced or to be produced by type, amount, and chemical
composition;







Number of employees and hours of work;







For a corporation, the State of incorporation, address of the corporate office,
names and titles of corporate officers and the name and address of the
registered agent in the District;







Any other information which WASA deems to be necessary to evaluate the permit
application including, but not limited to, any information required by
applicable federal laws and regulations;







Any requests for a monitoring waiver (or a renewal of an approved monitoring
waiver) for a pollutant neither present nor expected to be present in the
discharge based on § 1507.11;







Any request to be covered by a general permit based on § 1504.10; and







Certification statement provided in § 1508.10 and with the signature of an
authorized representative in accordance with § 1508.11.







WASA may, at any time:







Request any additional sampling and analytical testing of the wastewater
characteristics;







Perform a site inspection of the waste discharge system, pretreatment systems,
or other systems;







Request additional process or treatment system information or any other
information as necessary for WASA to evaluate the permit application; or







Return incomplete or inaccurate applications to the User for revision.







After evaluation of the data furnished, WASA may:







Determine that a Wastewater Discharge Permit is not required;







Deny any application for a Wastewater Discharge Permit; or







Determine that a permit is required and issue an invoice for the applicable
Wastewater Discharge Permit fee as provided in chapter 1 of this title.  Upon
payment, WASA shall issue a Wastewater Discharge Permit subject to terms and
conditions provided in the Wastewater Discharge Permit.







WASA may issue the following types of Wastewater Discharge Permits:







Significant Categorical Industrial User Permits – Issued to Industrial Users
that are subject to Categorical Pretreatment Standards, and at any time 
discharge more than one hundred gallons per day (100 gal./day) of total
categorical wastewater excluding sanitary, non-contact cooling and boiler
blowdown wastewater unless specifically included in the pretreatment standard;







Significant Non-Categorical Industrial User Permits – Issued to Industrial
Users that are not subject to Categorical Pretreatment Standards, and  discharge
an average of twenty-five thousand gallons per day (25,000 gal./day) or more of
process wastewater to the District’s wastewater system (excluding sanitary,
non-contact cooling and boiler blowdown wastewater), or contribute more than
five percent (5%) of hydraulic or organic loading to the Blue Plains WWTP, or
WASA has determined that the industrial User has a reasonable potential to
adversely affect the operation of Blue Plains, violate any pretreatment standard
or requirement, harm the environment, or cause a threat to wastewater utility
personnel;







Non-Significant Categorical Industrial User Permit – Issued to Industrial
Users that are subject to Categorical Pretreatment Standards, never discharge
more than one hundred gallons per day (100 gal./day) of categorical wastewater
(excluding sanitary, non-contact cooling and boiler blowdown wastewater, unless
specifically included in the pretreatment standard), and meet the three (3)
conditions provided in the definition for Non-Significant Categorical Industrial
User in § 1599;







Non-Significant Non-Categorical Industrial User Permit – Issued to Industrial
Users that are not subject to Categorical Pretreatment Standards, discharge less
than twenty-five gallons per day (25,000 gal./day) of process wastewater, and
specifically designated by WASA due to type of business, characteristics of the
discharge, or presence of pretreatment facilities; and







General Permit – Industrial Users that have a process that is acceptable for a
general permit, as established by WASA in accordance with 40 C.F.R. §
403.8(f)(1)(iii)(A) and 21 DCMR § 1504.10.







At the discretion of WASA, general permits may be used to control Significant or
Non-Significant Industrial User discharges if the following conditions are met. 
General permits shall cover facilities that:







Involve the same or substantially similar types of operations;







Discharge the same type of wastes;







Require the same effluent limitations;







Require the same or similar monitoring; and







In the opinion of the General Manager, are more appropriately controlled under a
general permit than under individual wastewater discharge permits.







Industrial User’s seeking coverage under a general permit shall not be subject
to production-based Categorical Pretreatment Standards or Categorical
Pretreatment Standards expressed as mass of pollutant discharged per day or for
Industrial Users whose limits are based on the Combined Wastestream Formula.



	SOURCE: Final Rulemaking published at 33 DCR 6194, 6196 (October 10, 1986); as
amended by Final Rulemaking published at 47 DCR 2948 (April 28, 2000); as
amended by Notice of Final Rulemaking published at 59 DCR 1021, 1040 (February
10, 2012).
