                                  DC REGULATIONS

ANNUAL NOTICE OF SIGNIFICANT VIOLATIONS (§ 21-1515)

WASA shall publish annually a list of the Industrial Users in significant
noncompliance with the pretreatment standards and requirements in the preceding
calendar year in a newspaper(s) of general circulation that provides meaningful
public notice within the jurisdiction(s) served by WASA.







The notification shall summarize the nature of the significant noncompliance and
any enforcement action taken against the Industrial User during the same twelve
(12) month period.





For the purposes of this section, a Significant Industrial User (or any
Industrial User which violates § 1515.3(c), (d), or (h)) is in significant
noncompliance with the pretreatment standards and requirements if its violation
meets one (1) or more of the following criteria:







Chronic violations of wastewater discharge limits, which are violations in which
sixty-six percent (66%) or more of all the measurements taken for the same
pollutant parameter during a six (6) month period exceed (by any magnitude) a
numeric pretreatment standard or requirement, including instantaneous limits, as
defined by 40 C.F.R. § 403.3(l);







Technical Review Criteria (TRC) violations, which are violations in which
thirty-three percent (33%) or more of all of the measurements taken for the same
pollutant parameter during a six (6) month period equal or exceed the product of
the numeric pretreatment standard or requirement including instantaneous limits,
as defined by 40 C.F.R. § 403.3(l)  multiplied by the applicable TRC (TRC = 1.4
for Biochemical Oxygen Demand, Total Suspended Solids, Fats, Oil, and Grease,
and 1.2 for all other pollutants except pH);







Any other violation of a pretreatment standard or requirement as defined by 40
C.F.R. § 403.3(l) (daily maximum, long-term average, instantaneous limit, or
narrative standard) that WASA determines has caused, alone or in combination
with other discharges, interference or pass through (including endangering the
health of WASA or District personnel or the general public);







Any discharge of a pollutant that has caused imminent endangerment to human
health, welfare or to the environment or has resulted in WASA’s exercise of
its emergency authority pursuant to 40 C.F.R. § 403.8(f)(1)(vi)(B) and D.C.
Official Code § 8-105.12 (2008 Repl. &#038; 2011 Supp.)) to halt or prevent
such a discharge;







Any violation of the terms of a wastewater discharge permit which remains
uncorrected forty-five (45) days after notification of the violation is received
by the Industrial User; or any failure to meet, within ninety (90) days after
the schedule date, a compliance schedule milestone contained in a District or
local control mechanism or enforcement order for starting construction,
completing construction, or attaining final compliance;







Failure to provide required reports, such as baseline monitoring reports, ninety
(90) day compliance reports, periodic self-monitoring reports, and reports on
progress with compliance schedules or orders, within forty-five (45) days after
the due date;







Failure to timely and accurately report an instance of noncompliance with the
pretreatment standards and requirements; and







Any other violation or group of violations, which may include a violation of
Best Management Practices, which WASA determines will adversely affect the
operation or implementation of the local pretreatment program or which WASA
otherwise considers significant in light of the circumstances.











		Source: Notice of Final Rulemaking published at 59 DCR 1021, 1075 (February
10, 2012).
