                                  DC REGULATIONS

DISCHARGE STANDARDS AND SEWER USE REQUIREMENTS (§ 21-1501)

It shall be unlawful to discharge into the wastewater system of the District
except in accordance with this chapter.





General Prohibitions. A User shall not introduce into the District’s
wastewater system any pollutant which causes pass through or interference. These
general prohibitions and the specific prohibitions in § 1501.4 apply to any
User introducing pollutants into the District’s wastewater system whether or
not the User is subject to National Pretreatment Standards or National, State,
District or local pretreatment standards or requirements.







Affirmative Defenses. A User shall have an affirmative defense in any action
brought against it alleging a violation of the general prohibitions established
in § 1501.2 and the specific prohibitions in § 1501.4(c)-(g) where the User
can demonstrate that:



(a) 	It did not know or have reason to know that its discharge, alone or in
conjunction with a discharge or discharges from other sources, would cause pass
through or interference; and



(b)	One (1) of the following conditions:







A local limit designed to prevent pass through and/or interference, as the case
may be, was developed in accordance with paragraph 40 C.F.R. § 403.5(c) for
each pollutant in the User&#8217;s discharge that caused pass through or
interference, and the User was in compliance with each such local limit directly
prior to and during the pass through or interference; or







If a local limit designed to prevent pass through and/or interference, as the
case may be, has not been developed in accordance with 40 C.F.R. § 403.5(c) for
the pollutant(s) that caused the pass through or interference, the User&#8217;s
discharge directly prior to and during the pass through or interference did not
change substantially in nature or constituents from the User&#8217;s prior
discharge activity when WASA was regularly in compliance with WASA&#8217;s
National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System (NPDES) permit requirements and,
in the case of interference, applicable requirements for beneficial reuse of
biosolids.







Specific Prohibitions: No User shall introduce the following pollutants into the
District’s wastewater system:



(a) 	Pollutants which create a fire or explosion hazard in the District&#8217;s
wastewater system, including, but not limited to:







Waste streams with a closed-cup flashpoint of less than one hundred forty
degrees Fahrenheit (140° F) or  sixty degrees Centigrade (60° C) using test
methods specified in 40 C.F.R. Chapter I, Subchapter N, Part 261.21;







Waste streams causing two (2) readings on an explosion hazard meter at the point
of discharge into the District’s wastewater system, or at any point in the
District’s wastewater system, of more than five percent (5%) or any single
reading over ten percent (10%) of the Lower Explosive Limit of the meter;







Any liquids, solids, or gases, which by reason of their nature or quantity are,
or may be, sufficient either alone or by interaction with other substances to
create fire or explosion or to injure in any other way the wastewater system or
the process or operation and maintenance of the wastewater system;







Gasoline;







Kerosene;







Naphtha;







Ethers;







Alcohols;







Ketones;







Aldehydes;







Peroxides;







Chlorates;







Perchlorates;







Bromates;







Carbides;







Hydrides; and







Sulfides;



(b)	Pollutants which have a pH of less than five (5.0) or more than ten (10.0),
except when a waiver to the upper pH limit is authorized in writing by WASA, or
which have any corrosive property capable of damaging or creating a hazard to
structures, equipment, processes, or personnel of the District&#8217;s
wastewater system, including, but not limited to, acids, sulfides, concentrated
chloride and fluoride compounds, and substances which will react with water to
form acidic or alkaline products;

(c) 	Solid or viscous substances in amounts which may cause, or contribute to
obstruction of the flow in a sewer or otherwise interfere with the operation of
the District’s wastewater system, including, but not limited to:







Substances which may solidify or become viscous at temperatures above thirty-two
degrees Fahrenheit (32° F) or zero degrees Centigrade (0° C);







Solids having any linear dimensions greater than one inch (1 in.);







Fats, oils, and grease;







Incompletely shredded garbage;







Animal remains;







Blood;







Feathers;







Ashes;







Cinders;







Sand;







Spent lime;







Stone or marble dust;







Metal;







Glass;







Straw;







Shavings;







Grass clippings;







Rags;







Spent grains;







Spent hops;







Waste paper;







Wood;







Plastic;







Tar;







Asphalt residues;







Residues from refining or processing of fuel or lubricating oil;







Mud;







Glass grinding; and







Polishing wastes;



(d)	Any pollutant, including, but not limited to oxygen demanding pollutants,
released in the discharge at a flow rate, or concentration, or a combination of
both, which causes interference with or compromises the structural integrity of 
the District&#8217;s wastewater system;



(e)	Any wastewater with heat in such amounts as will inhibit the biological
activity of processes in the District&#8217;s wastewater system resulting in
interference. In no case shall wastewater be discharged by a User in
temperatures in excess of one hundred forty degrees Fahrenheit (140° F) or
sixty degrees Centigrade (60° C), nor shall wastewater be discharged which
causes individually or in combination with other wastewater, the influent at the
District&#8217;s wastewater treatment plant to have a temperature exceeding one
hundred four degrees Fahrenheit (104° F) or forty degrees Centigrade (40° C),
except where a variance from the one hundred forty degrees Fahrenheit (140° F)
or sixty degrees Centigrade (60° C) discharge limit is authorized in writing by
WASA;



(f)	Any wastewater containing petroleum oil, non-biodegradable cutting oil, or
products of mineral oil origin in amounts that will cause pass through or
interference;



(g)	Any wastewater containing pollutants which result in the presence of toxic,
noxious or malodorous liquids, solids, gases, vapors, or fumes within the
District’s wastewater system which alone or in interaction with other wastes,
are capable of creating a public nuisance or hazard to humans or animals, are
sufficient to cause acute worker health and safety problems, or are sufficient
to cause interference or pass through;



(h)	Any wastewater of objectionable color or tint not removed in the treatment
process, including, but not limited to, dye wastes and vegetable tanning wastes;







Any trucked or hauled pollutants, except at discharge points that WASA
designates;



(j)	Wastewater containing any radioactive wastes or isotopes of such half-life
or concentration as may exceed limits that WASA establishes or applicable State
or National standards, cause pass through or interference or otherwise adversely
impact the District’s wastewater system or cause or contribute to pollution;



(k)	Unless WASA specifically authorizes any substance including, but not limited
to:







Septic tank sludge;







Restaurant grease;







Waste from a fuel service station;







Waste from a marine holding tank; and







Waste from a portable toilet;



(l)	Sludges, screenings, or other residues from the pretreatment of industrial
wastes;



(m)	Medical or infectious wastes except as WASA specifically authorizes in
writing;



(n)	Wastewater causing, alone or in conjunction with other sources, the effluent
from Blue Plains to fail toxicity tests;



(o)	Detergents, surface-active agents, or other substances which might cause
excessive foaming in the District’s wastewater system;







Any waste that if otherwise disposed of would be a hazardous waste, unless
specifically authorized in writing by WASA; or







Any substance which, alone or in conjunction with a discharge or discharges from
other sources, causes or may cause, or contributes to, a violation of any
requirement of the Blue Plains Title V permit issued pursuant to the Clean Air
Act.









Pharmaceutical waste shall not be discharged to the District’s wastewater
system if they contain materials in amounts that will contribute to or result in
wastewater concentrations that cause or contribute to pass through or
interference.







Health care facilities located in the District of Columbia shall not discharge
pharmaceutical products or pharmaceutical wastes into the District’s
wastewater system except in accordance with District laws and regulations.







Excreta from individuals undergoing medical diagnosis or therapy with
radioactive material shall be exempt from any limitations contained in this
chapter.







The following shall apply to discharges into the wastewater system:



(a) 	No User shall discharge into the wastewater system arsenic, cadmium,
copper, lead, mercury, molybdenum, nickel, silver, zinc, cyanide, oil and
grease, or Polychlorinated Biphenyls (PCBs) in concentrations greater than those
listed in Table I of this subsection;



TABLE I



SUBSTANCE

DAILY MAXIMUM CONCENTRATION, mg/L



Arsenic (T)

0.23



Cadmium (T)

0.07



Copper (T)

2.3



Lead (T)

1.0



Mercury (T)
