                                  DC REGULATIONS

CONTINUING EDUCATION CREDITS (ยง 17-7810)

7810.1 	For the purposes of this chapter, one (1) credit hour shall mean sixty
(60) minutes of learning time.



7810.2 	The Board may grant credit for Board-approved activities as specified
below:



(a) 	The Board shall grant credit for a course given at an accredited college or
university, provided that:



(1)	Each three (3) hour academic course constitutes thirty (30) hours of
continuing education; and



(2)	For approved three (3) hour academic courses that are audited, two (2)
continuing education credit hours shall be granted.



(b) 	The Board may grant a maximum of six (6) continuing education hours per
renewal period to an applicant who attends a pre-approved in-service education
program.



7810.3 	The Board may grant credit for serving as a presenter or speaker at a
conference, seminar, workshop, or in-service training, or electronic or
web-based course subject to the following restrictions:



(a) 	Hours granted pursuant to this section shall not exceed six (6) per renewal
period;



(b) 	If an applicant has previously received credit in connection with a
particular presentation, the Board shall not grant credit for a subsequent
presentation unless it involves either a different subject or substantial
additional research concerning the same subject;



(c) 	The presentation shall have been completed during the period for which
credit is claimed and;



(d) 	The maximum amount of credit which may be granted for preparation time is
twice the amount of the associated presentation time or twice the amount of
contact hours awarded for participants.



7810.4  	The Board may grant credit to an applicant for publication of an
article in a professional journal or publication of a book or a chapter in a
book or publication of a book review in a professional journal related to
audiology or speech-language pathology, subject to the following:



(a) 	The Board may grant an applicant who is an author or sole editor of a
published book eight (8) hours of continuing education credit per renewal
period, if the book has been published or accepted for publication during the
period for which credit is claimed and the applicant submits proof of this fact
in the application;



(b) 	The Board may grant an applicant who is the sole author or co-author of a
peer-reviewed published original paper four (4) hours of continuing education
per renewal period; and



(c) 	The Board may grant an applicant who is sole author of a published book
review one (1) continuing education hour of credit per renewal period.









SOURCE: Notice of Final Rulemaking published at 58 DCR 4336, 4342 (May 20,
2011); as amended by Final Rulemaking published at 59 DCR 8530, 8534 (July 20,
2012).
