                                  DC REGULATIONS

CONTINUING EDUCATION PROGRAMS AND ACTIVITIES (§ 17-7809)

7809.1 	A continuing education hour shall be valid only if it is part of a
program or activity approved by the Board.



7809.2 	To qualify for approval by the Board, a continuing education program
shall:



(a)	Be current in its subject matter;



(b) 	Be developed and taught by qualified individuals;



(c)	Be submitted by the program provider to the Board for review no less than
thirty (30) days prior to the date of the presentation and be approved by the
Board; and



(d) 	Have been completed during the period for which credit is claimed and
include documentation of the following:







A copy of the official program or syllabus;







The presentation title;



(3) 	The date of the presentation;



(4)	The contact hours or credits awarded for the presentation; and



(5)	The type of audience for which the program is intended.



7809.3 	The Board shall accept for credit programs or activities sponsored by
the following organizations (provided that the applicant submits verification of
attendance):

(a) 	The District of Columbia Speech-Language-Hearing Association or similar
speech-language hearing association of another state;



(b) 	The American Academy of Audiology;



(c) 	The American Speech-Language-Hearing Association (ASHA) or its approved
continuing education providers;



(d) 	An accredited provider of The Accreditation Council on Continuing Medical
Education of the American Medical Association offering Category I continuing
medical education;



(e) 	The International Association of Continuing Education and Training (IACET)
or its authorized providers; or



(f) 	A health care organization accredited by the Joint Commission on
Accreditation of Healthcare Organizations (JCAHO).



7809.4 		The Board may accept for credit the following activities:



(a) 	A course given at an accredited college or university;



(b) 	A seminar or workshop;



(c)	An educational program given at a conference;



(d) 	In-service training;



(e) 	Serving as a presenter or speaker at a conference, seminar, workshop, or
in-service training; or



(f) 	Publishing an article in a professional journal, a book or a chapter in a
book, or a book review in a professional journal related to audiology or
speech-language pathology.



7809.5 	The Board may, in its discretion, approve additional continuing
education programs and activities that contribute to the growth of an applicant
in professional competence in the practice of audiology or speech-language
pathology and which meet the other requirements of this section.



7809.6 	The Board shall not grant credit for work done in the course of an
applicant’s normal occupation or incident to the performance of his or her
regular duties, such as teaching courses, research, or course preparation in the
case of a teacher or professor.



7809.7 	An applicant shall have the burden of verifying whether a program is
approved by the Board.



7809.8  	An applicant shall prove completion of required continuing education
hours by submitting upon request the following information with respect to each
program:



(a) 	The name and address of the provider of the program;



(b) 	The name of the program, its location, a description of the subject matter
covered, and the names of the instructors;



(c)	The dates on which the applicant attended the program;



(d) 	The hours of credit claimed; and



(e) 	Verification by the course provider or accreditor of completion, by
signature, stamp, or official transcript in the case of accreditors.









SOURCE: Notice of Final Rulemaking published at 58 DCR 4336, 4342 (May 20,
2011); as amended by Final Rulemaking published at 59 DCR 8530, 8532 (July 20,
2012).
