                                  DC REGULATIONS

RENTAL HOUSING CASES &#8211; APPEALS BEFORE A FINAL ORDER (§ 1-2936)

2936.1 	An Administrative Law Judge’s rulings in a proceeding ordinarily may
not be appealed to the Commission until a final order is issued.  Before a final
order is issued, a party may appeal an order of the Administrative Law Judge
only if the Administrative Law Judge certifies the ruling for appeal to the
Commission.



2936.2 	A party may move the Administrative Law Judge to certify to the
Commission an appeal of any ruling other than a final order.  Such an appeal is
an “interlocutory appeal.”



2936.3 	The Administrative Law Judge shall certify a ruling for interlocutory
appeal only if he or she determines that the issue presented is of such
importance to the proceeding that it requires the immediate attention of the
Commission, and only if the following are shown:



(a)	The ruling involves an important question of law or policy requiring
interpretation of the Rental Housing Act, and about which there is substantial
basis for difference of opinion; and



		(b)	Either of the following applies:



(1)	An immediate ruling will materially advance the completion of the
proceeding; or



(2)	Denial of an immediate ruling will cause undue harm to the parties or the
public.



2936.4 	A party seeking review by interlocutory appeal shall file a motion for
certification within five (5) calendar days of service of a ruling by the
Administrative Law Judge.  The opposing party shall have five (5) calendar days
in which to respond.  Unless extended by a written order, the Administrative Law
Judge shall rule on the motion within ten (10) calendar days following the
filing of any response.



2936.5 	If the Administrative Law Judge declines to certify a ruling, the
Commission may review that ruling on appeal from a final order.



2936.6 	The Administrative Law Judge may stay the proceeding while an
interlocutory appeal is pending.



	SOURCE: Final Rulemaking published at 53 DCR 5674, 5680 (July 14, 2006); as
amended by Final Rulemaking published at 56 DCR 9553, 9554 (December 25, 2009);
as amended by Notice of Notice of Final Rulemaking published at 57 DCR 12541,
12581 (December 31, 2010).
