                                  DC REGULATIONS

DEFINITIONS (§ 29-7599)

The following terms shall have the meaning ascribed:



Applicant Unit &#8211; The individual who is applying for emergency assistance
for his or her own needs or the needs of those with whom he or she lives, and
those persons described in section 7502 of these rules.



Authorized Representative &#8211; An individual who is at least eighteen (18)
years of age, who is acting responsibly on behalf of the applicant, and has
sufficient knowledge of the circumstances of the applicant to provide or obtain
necessary information about the applicant, or a person who has legal
authorization to act on behalf of the applicant.



Budget Month &#8211; The thirty (30) day period immediately prior to the day of
application.



Department &#8211; The District of Columbia Department of Human Services or its
designated agent.



Director &#8211; The Director of the Department of Human Services.



Emergency &#8211; A situation in which immediate action is necessary to avoid
homelessness or eviction, to re-establish a home, or prevent displacement from a
home.



Equity &#8211; Current market value of property less any lien indebtedness on
the property and less reasonable expenses necessary to liquidate the property.



Household Member with a Disability &#8211; A member of the applicant unit who is
disabled, as documented by medical evidence provided by a qualified professional
or by participation in a program which conditions its eligibility on the
documentation of disability.



Income from a Boarder &#8211; Any money paid to the applicant by a person living
in the same household as the applicant, but who is not related to the applicant.



Joint Legal Responsibility &#8211; The individual household members are named on
the deed (as tenants in common or joint tenants), or rental lease.



Minor child &#8211; A child, including those by adoption, eighteen (18) years of
age or younger.



SSI &#8211; The Supplemental Security Income for the Aged, Blind, and Disabled
cash assistance program authorized by Title XVI of the Social Security Act of
1935, as amended (42 U.S.C. §§ 1381 to 1383f).



Provider &#8211; An organization that receives Emergency Rental Assistance
Program funds and is authorized to administer the Emergency Rental Assistance
Program.



Rental Payment &#8211; A regular payment made by a tenant to an owner or
landlord for the right to occupy or use property.



Security Deposit (also Damage Deposit) &#8211; A sum of money paid in advance
that is required by the owner or landlord for leasing property as security
against the tenant&#8217;s failure to fulfill the lease or security to cover
damage to the rental premises.



TANF &#8211; Temporary Assistance for Needy Families.



Vendor &#8211; Provider of a service or product, including but not limited to
landlords.



Verification &#8211; Documentation or collateral proof used to confirm the
validity of an applicant&#8217;s circumstances.



	SOURCE: Final Rulemaking published at 54 DCR 12622 (December 28, 2007).
