                                  DC REGULATIONS

PHARMACY OPERATIONS INFRACTIONS (§ 16-3617)

3617.1 		Violation of any of the following provisions shall be a Class 1
infraction:



(a)		D.C. Official Code § 47-2885.09(d) (2005 Repl.)(failure to report a
			burglary or damage to a pharmacy or its contents by fire, flood, or 			other
cause or dispensing, selling, or giving away a drug or other 			merchandise
damaged by fire, flood, or other cause prior to approval 			by the Mayor);



(b)	D.C. Official Code § 47-2885.10(a)(2) (2005 Repl.), D.C. Official Code §
47-2885.16 (2005 Repl.), and D.C. Official Code § 48-903.02(f) (2009
Repl.)(refusing to allow an inspection in accordance with D.C. Official Code
§§ 47-2885.10(a)(2) and 47-2885.16 (2009 Repl.); refusing to allow entry into
any pharmacy or drug outlet, at reasonable times, for the purpose of making
inspections to determine compliance with this chapter or with other laws or
regulations applicable to the practice of pharmacy; or failure to allow the
Mayor or an agent of the Mayor entry into an establishment during reasonable
hours for the purpose of conducting an inspection of the establishment of a
registrant);



(c) 	D.C. Official Code § 47-2885.11(a)(1) (2005 Repl.; 2011 Supp.)(pharmacy
personnel actively engaged in any work, which includes contact with any
merchandise or drugs in a pharmacy or the care of dispensing, manufacturing, or
storage facilities, in a pharmacy who is affected by a communicable disease, or
to be a carrier of a communicable disease in any capacity dispensing,
manufacturing, or storing merchandise or drugs when infected with a communicable
disease);



(d) 	D.C. Official Code § 47-2885.11(a)(2) (2005 Repl.; 2011
Supp.)(intentionally permitting a person to engage in work activities while
infected with a communicable disease);



(e) 	D.C. Official Code § 47-2885.11(b)(1) (2005 Repl.; 2011 Supp.)(working in
any capacity in a pharmacy when infected with a boil, infectious wound, sore or
an acute respiratory infection);



(f)	D.C. Official Code § 47-2885.11(b)(3) (2005 Repl.; 2011 Supp.)(working in
any capacity in a pharmacy when suffering from chronic alcoholism);



(g) 	D.C. Official Code § 47-2885.11(b)(2) and (b)(4) (2005 Repl.; 2011
Supp.)(working in any capacity in a pharmacy without following hygienic work
practices or while wearing unclean garments);



(h) 	22 DCMR B § 1900.4 (failure to maintain written policies and procedures
regarding cleanliness and hygiene standards; or ensure employees comply with
such);



(i)	22 DCMR B § 1901.8 (failure to report thefts, suspected diversions,
significant losses of drug inventory or the inability to account for such
inventory, to the Director within forty-eight (48) hours after discovery);



(j)	22 DCMR B § 1903.16(d) (failure of a non-resident pharmacy to comply with
all requests for information made by the Department pursuant to 22 DCMR B §
1903);



(k)	22 DCMR B § 1908 (failure to comply with sanitation standards; or
performing professional services under unsanitary conditions under District of
Columbia or federal laws and regulations);



(l)	22 DCMR B § 1920 (failure to comply with the requirements and duties for a
pharmacist-in-charge under District of Columbia or federal laws and
regulations);



(m)  	22 DCMR B § 1921 (failure to comply with the requirements for
institutional pharmacies under District of Columbia or federal laws and
regulations); or



(n) 	22 DCMR B § 1922 (failure to comply with the requirements for nuclear
pharmacies under District of Columbia or federal laws and regulations).



3617.2 		Violation of any of the following provisions shall be a Class 2
infraction:







D.C. Official Code § 47-2885.09(b) (2005 Repl.)(failure of pharmacist on duty
to 	control all professional aspects of the practice of pharmacy, or allowing
any usurpation, in reference or impairment of the exercise of professional
judgment of the pharmacist on duty by a non-pharmacist proprietor or personnel);



(b)	D.C. Official Code § 47-2885.09(c) (2005 Repl.)(failure to securely enclose
pharmacy area so as to prevent unauthorized access to pharmacy areas and to
prevent the diversion of drugs stored in pharmacy areas; to substantially
construct pharmacy and any storage areas for prescription drugs outside of the
pharmacy; to have doors capable of being securely locked, to restrict access to
pharmacists, the proprietor of the pharmacy, or persons authorized by a
pharmacist with the consent of the proprietor; or to maintain the key or keys to
the pharmacy areas under the control or in the possession of the pharmacist on
duty or the proprietor of the pharmacy);



(c)	22 DCMR B § 1500.1(d) (failure to furnish a sufficient sample of any drug
or article of food for analysis);



(d)	22 DCMR B § 1900.3 (having drugs in a pharmacy before a pharmacy license
has been obtained from the Director);







22 DCMR B § 1900.5 (failure to review, revise, or document the review of
written policies and procedures as required);



(f) 	22 DCMR B § 1907, with the exception of § 1907.3 (failure to comply with
the physical standards requirements for operation of a pharmacy under District
of Columbia or federal laws or regulations); or



(g) 	22 DCMR B § 1910, with the exception of § 1910.9 (failure to comply with
security and safeguards against diversion requirements under District of
Columbia or federal laws and regulations).



3617.3 		Violation of any of the following provisions shall be a Class 3
infraction:



(a) 		D.C. Official Code § 48-801.04 (2009 Repl.)(failure to make available
upon request the current selling price of all prescription drugs, including
those not required to be posted, dispensed by each pharmacy and the pharmacy’s
discounts and professional and convenience services and charges therefor);



(b)		D.C. Official Code § 48-801.05 (2009 Repl.)(failure to provide to any
consumer the discounts and services stated on the poster, under the eligibility,
price, and other terms there stated);



(c)	22 DCMR B § 1909 (failure to comply with the equipment and reference
material requirements under District of Columbia or federal laws and
regulations); or



(d)	22 DCMR B § 1910.9 (displaying or storing drugs, medical devices, 			or
medical supplies in an area accessible to the public which are (1)
			prescription drugs or devices; (2) devices that may be used in the

administration of controlled substances; (3) over-the counter 				medicines that
contain controlled substances; or (4) over-the-counter 			medicines that have
been identified by the Food and Drug 				Administration or the Director as
having a potential for misuse or 			abuse).



	SOURCE: Final Rulemaking published at 52 DCR 5026 (May 27, 2005); as amended by
Notice of Final Rulemaking published at 58 DCR 7425, 7432 (August 19, 2011).
