                                  DC REGULATIONS

PHARMACY DRUG HANDLING AND RECORDKEEPING INFRACTIONS (§ 16-3618)

3618.1 		Violation of any of the following provisions shall be a Class 1
infraction:



(a)	D.C. Official Code § 47-2885.10(a)(3) (2005 Repl.), 22 DCMR B § 1901.5,
and 22 DCMR B § 1901.6 (selling or offering for sale an adulterated or
misbranded drug or device);



(b) 	D.C. Official Code § 47-2885.12 (2005 Repl.)(failure to comply with the
provision governing the bulk sale or transfer of drugs or medical devices);



(c) 	D.C. Official Code § 47-2885.13(a) (2005 Repl.)and 22 DCMR B § 1901.6
(selling or dispensing drugs after the expiration date designated on the label
of the original container, or not in accordance with applicable District of
Columbia or federal laws or regulations);



(d) 	D.C. Official Code § 47-2885.13(a) (2005 Repl.) and 22 DCMR B §
1911.11(failure to store drugs under conditions specified on the label of the
original container and in accordance with applicable District of Columbia or
federal laws or regulations);



(e)	D.C. Official Code § 47-2885.13(c) (2005 Repl.)and 22 DCMR B § 1329.1
(placing in stock for reuse or resale, or accepting back to the pharmacy, a drug
which has been returned after leaving the pharmacy, except manufacturer packaged
unit dose or unit of use drugs which have been unopened and unaltered);



(f)	D.C. Official Code § 47-2885.15(a), (c) (2005 Repl.), 22 DCMR B § 1913.2,
and 22 DCMR B § 1913.4 (failure to maintain in every pharmacy, or in the
establishment or institution where a pharmacy is located, a suitable book, file,
or other easily retrievable records, for a period of not less than five (5)
years, for every prescription dispensed or refilled at the pharmacy for
inspection, during regular business hours);



(g)	22 DCMR B § 1300.7 (dispensing a medication or device pursuant to a
prescription that the pharmacist knows is not based on a valid
patient–practitioner relationship);



(h)	22 DCMR B § 1302.2 (failure to immediately reduce 	an oral prescription
order to writing);







22 DCMR B § 1302.3 through § 1302.9 (failure to include all required
information on an oral prescription drug order);



(j)	22 DCMR B § 1303.6 through 1303.12 (failure of telephone facsimile orders
to contain all required information);



(k)	22 DCMR B § 1301 and 22 DCMR B § 1304 (dispensing a medication or device
based upon a prescription order that fails to contain the required information);



(l)	22 DCMR B § 1305.6 (dispensing a medication or device pursuant to a
prescription that the pharmacist knows was not issued in the usual course of
professional treatment or in legitimate and authorized research);



(m)	22 DCMR B § 1503.1 and 22 DCMR B § 1913, with the exception

	of § 1913.6 (failure to maintain prescription files in conformity with 			the
requirements of 22 DCMR B 1913);



(n)	22 DCMR B § 1901.4 (stocking, maintaining, selling, compounding,
dispensing, or distributing drugs, medical devices, or chemicals for compounding
that are not registered with the FDA);



(o) 	22 DCMR B § 1901.7 (obtaining drugs or medical devices from an entity that
is not registered or exempted from registration in the District of Columbia
pursuant to the Uniform Controlled Substances Act or the federal government or
the state in which it is located);



(p)	22 DCMR B § 1903.16(b) (failure of a non-resident pharmacy to maintain
records of prescription drugs and devices dispensed to patients in the District
of Columbia in a readily retrievable manner for a period of five (5) years from
the date of first dispensing);



(q)	22 DCMR B § 1903.16(c) (failure a non-resident pharmacy to comply with the
laws and regulations regarding confidentially of prescription records);



(r)	22 DCMR B § 1911 (failure to comply with the packaging and handling
requirements under District of Columbia or federal laws and regulations);



(s)	22 DCMR B § 1911.9 (failure to maintain a log of drugs that have 	been
compounded, repackaged, or prepackaged under a 	pharmacist’s supervision
containing the required information);



(t)	22 DCMR B § 1913.11 (failure to maintain a patient record system with
immediate retrieval of required patient information during pharmacy operating
hours);



(u)	D.C. Official Code § 48-803.03a (2001 Supp.), 22 DCMR B § 1327.1, and 22
DCMR B § 1328.5, (failure to properly notify an individual of a drug
substitution and provide the right to refuse the substitution prior to the
purchase of the substitute drug product);



(v)	D.C. Official Code § 48-803.03 (2009 Repl.; 2011 Supp.) and 22 DCMR B §
1328.3 (dispensing a therapeutically equivalent drug product without the prior
approval of the prescriber);



(w)	D.C. Official Code § 48-803.03 (2009 Repl.; 2011 Supp.)(dispensing a
substitute product when the person purchasing the drug product or the patient
for whom it is intended indicates a preference for the drug product actually
prescribed);



(x)	D.C. Official Code § 48-803.03 (2009 Repl.; 2011 Supp.)(dispensing a
therapeutically equivalent drug product for a prescription refill of an
antipsychotic, antidepressant, chemotherapy, antiretroviral, or
immunosuppressive drug);



	(y)	22 DCMR B § 1325.1 (failure to dispense a prescription non-	controlled
substance or a medical device pursuant to a valid written, 	oral, facsimile, or
electronic prescription issued in compliance with 	this chapter by a licensed
practitioner authorized to prescribe the 	substance or medical device;



(z) 	22 DCMR B § 1325.6 (failure to affix a label to the non-controlled

	substance prescriptions package meeting the requirements as set

			forth in chapter 19 of subtitle B of title 22 of the DCMR);



(aa)  	22 DCMR B § 1325.8 (filling a prescription for a non-controlled
	substance more than one (1) year after the date on which the 	prescription was
issued);



(bb)  	22 DCMR B § 1325.9 (filling a prescription order for a non-		controlled
substance in excess of a one (1) year supply); or



(cc)	22 DCMR B § 1328.4 (failure to properly document in a readily retrievable
form the documented policy, which clearly indicates

	that the provider has intended to approve the therapeutic interchange).



3618.2 		Violation of any of the following provisions shall be a Class 2
infraction:







D.C. Official Code § 47-2885.13(b) (2005 Repl.)(selling drugs designated as

	“sample”);







D.C. Official Code § 47-2885.14 (2005 Repl.) and 22 DCMR B §§ 1912.1, et seq.
 (failure of pharmacy to dispense a drug, except to inpatients of a

	licensed hospital, in a suitable container appropriately labeled for

	subsequent administration to, or use by, an individual entitled to the

	drug);



(c)  	22 DCMR B § 1316 (failure to comply with the provisions for transferring
a prescription between pharmacies for refill purposes);



(d)  	22 DCMR B § 1903.14 (failure of a non-resident pharmacy to provide
toll-free telephone communication consultation and affix the number to each drug
or device dispensed to patients in the District as required);



(e)  	22 DCMR B § 1903.15 (failure of a non-resident pharmacy to immediately
notify a patient or prescriber of any expected delay in delivering the
prescribed drug or device that may jeopardize or alter the drug therapy of the
patient);



(f)  	22 DCMR B § 1912.4 (failure to label prepackaged or repackaged containers
with a label containing required information required under District of Columbia
or federal laws and regulations);



(g)	22 DCMR B § 1912.6 (failure to place the appropriate expiration date on
multi-dose containers after they are opened);



(h)	22 DCMR B § 1914 (failure to comply with the requirements for computerized
recordkeeping under District of Columbia or federal laws and regulations);



(i)  	22 DCMR B § 1915 (failure to comply with the requirements for automated
medication dispensing systems under District of Columbia or federal laws and
regulations);



(j)  	22 DCMR B § 1916.1 (failure to comply with the requirements for remote
automated pharmacy services under District of Columbia or federal laws and
regulations);



(k)  	22 DCMR B § 1917.1 (failure to comply with the requirements for
telepharmacy services under District of Columbia or federal laws and
regulations);







D.C. Official Code § 48-803.02 (2009 Repl.; 2011 Supp.) and 22 DCMR B § 1326.1
(when dispensing a generically equivalent drug, failure to dispense the drug
product in stock having the lowest cost to the person purchasing the drug
product; or when the prescriber has specified that the prescribed brand is to be
dispensed);



(m) 	22 DCMR B § 1325.10 (failure to properly document and uniformly maintain
in a readily retrievable record each refilling of a non-controlled substance);



(n) 	22 DCMR B § 1325.12 (failure to document required refill authorization
information on each prescription refill); or



(o) 	22 DCMR B § 1326.3 (use of a formulary of drug products other than the
chemical and 	generic drugs contained in the publication, “Approved Drug
Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations (also known as the Orange
Book),” and its monthly updates).



3618.3 		Violation of any of the following provisions shall be a Class 3
infraction:



		(a) 	D.C. Official Code § 3-1210.06a(a)(1) through (a)(6)(2007 Repl.);
				and D.C. Official Code § 3-1210.06a(a)(8) (2007 Repl.)(failing to
				consult with medical assistance recipients or caregivers who present 				an
original prescription  order for outpatient drugs);



 (b) 	D.C. Official Code § 3-1210.06a(c)(1) (2007 Repl.)(failure to document
the refusal for a consultation by a Medical Assistance Recipient or Caregiver);



(c) 	D.C. Official Code § 47-2885.15(b)(2)(A) (2005 Repl.) and D.C. Official
Code § 47-2885.15(c) (2005 Repl.)(failure to maintain a bound volume containing
similar information concerning each sale of hypodermic syringes, needles, or
other medical devices which may be used in the administration of controlled
substances, and to make such available for inspection during regular business
hours);



(d)	D.C. Official Code § 47-2885.15(b)(1) (2005 Repl.), and D.C. Official Code
§ 47-2885.15(c)  (2005 Repl.)(failure to maintain and make available for
inspection during regular business hours, in every pharmacy, or establishment or
institution where a pharmacy is located, bound volumes recording the information
required by law or regulation concerning the over-the-counter sales of those
drugs which are listed in Schedule V established or amended pursuant to the
federal Comprehensive Drug Abuse Prevention and Control Act of 1970 (21 U.S.C.
§§ 801, et seq.);



(e)	D.C. Official Code § 47-2885.15(b)(2)(C) (2005 Rep.) and D.C. Official Code
§ 47-2885.15(c) (2005 Repl.)(failure to maintain a bound volume containing
similar information  concerning each sale of diluents or adulterants, such as
lactose or quinine, in quantities sufficient to indicate an intention to use
such substances for the illegal distribution or dispensing of any controlled
substance, and to make such available for inspection during regular business
hours);



(f)		22 DCMR B § 1315 (failure to comply with the provisions for delivering a
prescription medication by mail, common carrier, employee or courier service);



(g) 	22 DCMR B § 1333.7 (filling a written prescription, for a Medicaid
beneficiary, that is not submitted on a tamper resistant prescription

	form meeting the requirements set forth in 22 DCMR B § 1333.2, in the absence
of an emergency situation, or failure to obtain a verbal, telephone facsimile,
electronic, or compliant written prescription within seventy-two (72) hours
after filling);



 (h) 	22 DCMR B § 1913.6 (failure to put in place systems to assign a secure
identification for each pharmacist for use on verification of records, or to
require manual signatures of pharmacists performing final verifications);



(i)	22 DCMR B § 1918 (failure of the pharmacist on duty to conduct a
prospective drug regimen review prior to or at the time of dispensing a
prescription drug order as required under District of Columbia or federal laws
or regulations);



(j)	22 DCMR B § 1919 (failure of the pharmacist on duty or registered pharmacy
intern acting under the direct supervision of a

	license 	pharmacist, to offer to counsel, counsel, or notify of the opportunity
to receive a consultation, to a non-inpatient or the patient’s agent, whether
or not the patient is a medical assistance recipient, or to comply with the
patient counseling requirements under District of Columbia or federal laws or
regulations);



(k)  	22 DCMR B § 1325.15 (failure to properly document the partial filling of
a prescription for a non-controlled substance);



(l)	22 DCMR B § 1325.15 (a partial filling of a non-controlled substance that
exceeds the total quantity prescribed);



(m) 	22 DCMR B § 1325.15 (dispensing a partial filling of a non-controlled
substance more than one year after the date on which the prescription was
issued);



(n)  	22 DCMR B § 1325.16 (failure to notify the prescribing physician when the
pharmacist is unable to dispense the remaining portion of a partially filled
prescription for a prescription non-controlled substance within a reasonable
period of time, the inability to do so lies with the pharmacy, and the
pharmacist believes the delay may jeopardize or alter the drug therapy of the
patient);



(o)	22 DCMR B § 1327.1(b) (failure to document the dosage form substitution on
the prescription record);



(p) 	22 DCMR B § 1327.1(c) (failure to notify the practitioner of the dosage
form substitution prior to dispensing or as soon as is reasonably possible
thereafter);



(q) 	22 DCMR B § 1327.1(d) (the dosage form dispensed fails to contain the
identical amount of the active ingredients as the dosage prescribed; or is an
enteric-coated or time release product; or otherwise alters desired clinical
outcomes); or



(r) 	22 DCMR B § 1327.3 (making a dosage form substitution with the use of a
product that has been compounded by the pharmacist without obtaining the
practitioner’s approval prior to dispensing).



	SOURCE: Final Rulemaking published at 52 DCR 5026 (May 27, 2005); as amended by
Notice of Final Rulemaking published at 58 DCR 7425, 7435 (August 19, 2011).
