                                  DC REGULATIONS

RENEWAL OF LICENSE (§ 17-3106)

3106.1 	The Director may send a renewal notice to a licensee by first class mail
to the licensee’s address on file with the Director at least forty-five (45)
days prior to the expiration of the license.

3106.2 	The failure of a licensee to receive the notice does not relieve the
licensee of the responsibility of renewing the licensee in a timely manner.

3106.3 	A licensee who fails to file an application for renewal prior to the
expiration date of the license may file a late application within thirty (30)
days of the expiration of the license upon payment of the required renewal and
late fees, but shall not operate the funeral services establishment until the
license renewal is issued.

3106.4 	A license that is not renewed within thirty (30) days of its expiration
lapses.

3106.5 	A license to operate a funeral services establishment granted to the
estate of a deceased funeral director may not be renewed beyond three (3) years
after the death of the funeral director.  If the normal term of the license as
specified by section 3105 would extend beyond the expiration of this period, the
term of the license shall be shortened and the prescribed fee prorated so that
the three (3) limitation is not exceeded.

3106.6 	The Director may conduct announced or unannounced onsite inspection of a
funeral services establishment to determine compliance with the act and this
chapter.

3106.7 	The Director shall send a written report of the findings of the
inspection to the licensee not later than fifteen (15) days after the conclusion
of the inspection.

3106.8 	The Director shall not renew the license of a funeral services
establishment with deficiencies which pose a serious threat to the public
health, safety, or welfare.

3106.9 	The Director may require an applicant for renewal to submit a written,
signed, and dated plan of correction to abate the deficiencies cited no later
than then (10) days following the receipt of the written report of the findings.

3106.10 	The Director may renew the license of a funeral services establishment
with minor deficiencies that, in the opinion of the Director, can be corrected
within thirty (30) days.

	Source: Final Rulemaking published at 39 DCR 7853, 7857 (October 23, 1992).
