                                  DC REGULATIONS

DEFINITIONS (§ 29-6299)

Act &#8211; The Youth Residential Facilities Licensure Act of 1986, effective
August 13, 1986, D.C. Law 6-139, D.C. Code § 3-801 et seq.



Administrator &#8211; The person responsible for the operation of the facility
or that person&#8217;s designee.



Admission &#8211; The administrative process of a child&#8217;s entry into a
facility.



Aftercare &#8211; Control, supervision, and care exercised over children
released from facilities.



Annual license &#8211; A license that is granted to a facility whose program,
facilities, and operations meet the standards of this Chapter.



Applicable licensing agency &#8211; For youth residential facilities intended
primarily for detained or delinquent youth or children in need of supervision,
the applicable licensing agency is the Youth Services Administration. For all
other facilities, the applicable licensing agency is the Child and Family
Services Agency.



Audit &#8211; An examination of records or accounts to check their accuracy,
which is conducted by a person or persons not directly involved in the creation
and maintenance of these records or accounts. An independent audit results in an
opinion based on generally accepted accounting principals (GAAP) that either
affirms or disaffirms the accuracy of the records or accounts audited.



Business day &#8211; All days excluding Saturdays, Sundays, and legal holidays.



Case record &#8211; All information maintained by a facility concerning a
resident.



CFSA &#8211; Child and Family Services Agency.



Child or Children &#8211; Any individual who is:



(a)	Under 18 years of age;



(b)	18 to 20 years of age and the subject of a consent decree or dispositional
order entered pursuant to proceedings of the Family Division of the Superior
Court of the District of Columbia, D.C. Code § 16-2301 et seq.; or



(c)	18 to 21 years of age and has an individualized education program pursuant
to the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act, approved April 13, 1970,
Pub.L. 91-230, 84 Stat. 175, 20 U.S.C. § 1400 et seq.



Children in need of supervision&#8211;A child who is in need of care and
rehabilitation and who:



(a)	Is subject to compulsory school attendance and is habitually truant from
school without justification;



(b)	Has committed an offense committable only by children; or



(c)	Is habitually disobedient of the reasonable and lawful commands of his
parent(s), guardian(s), or other custodian and is ungovernable.



Continuing care &#8211; Ongoing supervision and care designed to nurture a
resident&#8217;s growth and development, meet basic health needs, and monitor
applicable school or work attendance.



Contracting entity &#8211; Any public or private entity or individual that
places or offers to place a child in a youth residential facility. The term
includes, but is not limited to, the Child and Family Services Agency, the Youth
Services Administration, and their successors. Where the contracting entity is
not also the child&#8217;s legal custodian, the term shall be read to include,
in addition to the contracting entity, the child&#8217;s legal custodian.



CSSD &#8211; Court Social Services Division of the District of Columbia Superior
Court.



DCMR &#8211; District of Columbia Municipal Regulations.



Emergency care facility(ies) &#8211; Facilities that provide temporary
supervision and care, usually not exceeding ninety (90) calendar days and
provided as a result of an individual or family crisis, that includes monitoring
of applicable school or work attendance and an assessment of a resident&#8217;s
physical, psychosocial, and educational needs.



Facility &#8211; See youth residential facility.



Independent living programs&#8211;Programs for adolescent and young adults that
provide monitored residences in apartments or single dwelling units and serviced
around preparing the adolescent or young adult to live successfully, on his or
her own, in the community. Residents can include teen mothers and their
children. Also known as a supervised apartment.



Individual Service Plan (ISP)&#8211;A document that sets forth a
facility&#8217;s plan for the resident&#8217;s health, safety, welfare, and
general well-being. The ISP includes the individualized treatment plan, as
provided in section 7 of the Act (D.C. Code § 3-806).



Licensing agency &#8211; Child and Family Services Agency or Youth Services
Administration.



Person &#8211; An individual, corporation, trustee, receiver, guardian,
representative, firm, partnership, society, school, agency or other entity.



Provisional license &#8211; A license that may be issued if the applicant is
temporarily unable to comply with all of the requirements of this Chapter and
under the condition that the requirements will be met within a specific length
of time.



Resident &#8211; A child residing in a youth residential facility.



Residential treatment center(s) &#8211; Facilities that are characterized by an
emphasis on therapeutic intervention for residents who cannot or do not function
satisfactorily in their own home or community. Staff provide twenty-four (24)
hour supervision and a variety of professional services, such as individual or
group psychotherapy, formal schooling, social skills training, recreation, and
various other forms of therapy. Usually these facilities are located on a campus
setting and utilize dormitory-type housing. These facilities may be locked or
staff secure.



Restricted license &#8211; A license that is issued to a facility not in
compliance with these regulations that prohibits the facility from accepting new
residents or providing certain specified services that it otherwise would be
authorized to provide.



Runaway shelters &#8211; Short-term facilities that house minor children who
have departed the parental or legal guardian home, contrary to the wishes of the
parent or guardian. Runaway shelters provide safety, twenty-four (24) hour
supervision, physical and emotional nourishment and counseling to help resolve
the difficulties between the children and their parent(s), so that the children
can return to the parental home.



Staff or Staff person or Staff member &#8211; All employees of the facility and
any other person (including, without limitation, volunteers, independent
contractors, and vendors) regularly providing services at the facility. A person
regularly provides services at the facility if the person:



(a)	Visits the facility on at least a weekly basis;



(b)	Visits the facility for at least ten (10) hours per month; or



(c)	Provides direct care and supervision of residents.



Therapeutic care &#8211; An intensive, professionally supervised program of
education and treatment designed to meet a resident&#8217;s physical,
psychosocial, and educational needs as identified in an individualized treatment
plan and if applicable, an individualized education program.



Youth group homes &#8211; Facilities that provide twenty-four (24) hour care for
residents. Youth group homes maintain staff to meet the physical, emotional and
developmental needs of their residents and provide supervision, guidance and
recreation to their residents.



Youth residential facility &#8211; A residential placement providing adult
supervision and care for one (1) or more children who are not related by blood,
marriage, guardianship, or adoption (including both final and nonfinal adoptive
placements) to any of the facility&#8217;s adult caregivers and who were found
to be in need of a specialized living arrangement as the result of:



(a)	A detention or shelter care hearing held pursuant to D.C. Code § 16-2312;



(b)	A dispositional hearing held pursuant to D.C. Code § 16-2317;



(c)	Family crisis, homelessness, runaway status, or other circumstances creating
a need for out-of-home supervision and care; or



(d)	A mental or physical disability that requires, in accordance with 20 U.S.C.
§ 1401, et seq., more services than can be provided by nonresidential programs.



For purposes of this Chapter, the term &#8220;youth residential facility&#8221;
only includes youth shelters, runaway shelters, emergency care facilities, and
youth group homes.



Youth shelter-Facilities that provide temporary residential placement for
alleged or adjudicated juvenile offenders prior to disposition by a court.



YSA &#8211; Department of Human Services, Youth Services Administration.



	SOURCE: Final Rulemaking published at 48 DCR 8675, 8740 (September 21, 2001).
