                                  DC REGULATIONS

USES (§ 11-3303)

The following use categories are applicable to the StE District:





Agriculture &#8211; The on-site cultivation, or maintenance of plants, or the
breeding or keeping of animals and livestock intended for personal use or
eventual sale or lease off-site, including but not limited to: farm, truck
garden, beekeeping, greenhouse, dairy, horticultural nursery, or community
garden;





Animal Sales, Care, and Boarding &#8211; The on-site sale, medical care, or
short term boarding of animals for a fee, which may include licensed veterinary
practices such as medicine, surgery, or dentistry for animals, the provision of
animal services such as grooming, training, or care-taking, including but not
limited to pet shop, veterinary clinic or hospital, pet grooming establishment,
dog day care center, animal boarding facility, animal sales establishment, or
animal shelter;





Antennas &#8211; Any structure involving conducting, transmitting, or receiving
communication signals, encompassing the portions of the structure responsible
for signal transmission and reception, any associated towers, commercial
broadcast antenna, mobile telecommunication antenna, microwave dish, satellite
earth station, whip, or yagi antennas immediately related support and
stabilizing elements, and rotating or other directional mechanisms;





Arts Design and Creation &#8211; The on-site design, rehearsal, or creation of
visual, auditory, or performance art. This use may encompass work space for
artists, artisans, or craftsmen practicing fine arts or applied arts or crafts,
and may include the sale of items created on the site; including but not limited
to artist studio, artisan production including kiln-fired, metal-working,
wood-working, furniture making and glass-blowing arts, photographic studio,
recording studio, radio, or broadcasting studio, or arts incubator;





Basic Utilities &#8211; The commercial or governmental generation, transmission,
distribution, or storage of energy, water, stormwater, cable, or
telecommunication-related information, commonly taking the form of
infrastructure services which are provided city-wide including but not limited
electrical sub-station, telephone exchange, optical transmission node,
electronic equipment facility, sewer plant, water treatment plant, methods and
facilities for renewable energy generation, or utility pumping station;





Chancery &#8211; The principal offices of a foreign mission used for diplomatic
or related purposes, and annexes to such offices (including ancillary offices
and support facilities), including the site and any building on such site that
is used for such purposes;





Community-based Institutional Facility &#8211; Monitored care to individuals who
have a common need for treatment, rehabilitation, assistance, or supervision in
their daily living; have been assigned to the facility; or are being detained by
the government, other than as a condition of probation, including, but not
limited to, adult rehabilitation home, youth rehabilitation home, or detention
or correctional facilities;





Daytime Care &#8211; The non-residential licensed care, supervision, counseling,
or training, for a fee, of individuals who are not related by blood, adoption,
or marriage to the caregiver, and who are present on the site for less than 24
hours per day, including, but are not limited to: child care centers and
programs, pre-schools, nursery schools, before-and-after school programs, or
elder care centers and programs;





Education – Education and academic institutions that provide District or state
mandated basic education or educational uses of higher learning which offer
courses of general or specialized study leading to a degree as well as accessory
play areas, dormitories, cafeterias, recreational, or sports facilities;
including, but not limited to, private schools, public or charter schools at the
elementary, middle, junior high, or high school level; colleges, community
colleges, universities, or boarding schools;





Emergency Shelter &#8211; Any use providing thirty (30) days or less of
temporary housing to indigent, needy, homeless, or transient individuals as well
as providing ancillary services such as counseling, vocational training, or
similar social and career assistance;





Entertainment, Assembly, and Performing Arts &#8211; Facilities designed
primarily for public assembly that enables patrons to experience visual,
auditory, performance, or literary arts; attend sporting events or conferences;
or participate in active leisure activities, typically characterized by
activities and structures that draw large numbers of people to specific events
or shows, including, but not limited to bowling alley, miniature golf, movie
theatre, concert hall, or stadium;





Food and Alcohol Services &#8211; The sale of food, alcoholic drinks, or
refreshments prepared on the premises and sold to customers for immediate
consumption on or off the premises, including, but not limited to: prepared food
shop, café, delicatessen, restaurant, fast food establishment, bar, nightclub,
ice cream parlor, or coffee shop;





Health Care &#8211; The on-site licensed provision of medical diagnosis,
treatment, or prevention of illness or disease of humans, or medical or surgical
care to patients including, but not limited to: dentist, doctor, optician,
hospitals, clinics, or medical offices;





Institutional &#8211; Any non-governmental use involving the public assembly of
people or provision of services for social, cultural, or religious purposes and
which may include uses of a public, nonprofit, or charitable nature generally
providing local service on-site to people of a local community, including, but
not limited to, private clubs, private libraries, non-profit social service
providers, or religious facilities;





Large Scale Government &#8211; Any use involving services owned, managed, or
provided by a governmental entity and associated with providing regional or
wider services, including, but are not limited to: airports, jails, truck
dispatch facilities or police/fire training facilities;





Local Government &#8211; Services owned, managed, or provided by local
government and associated with providing neighborhood-scaled services to meet
the community needs of the directly adjacent areas, including, but not limited
to: public community centers, police stations, libraries, or fire stations;





Lodging &#8211; Temporary housing for an agreed upon term of less than thirty
(30) consecutive days; offered to the public for compensation, and open to
transient rather than permanent guests, including, but not limited to, hotels,
motels, inns, or bed and breakfast establishments;





Motor Vehicle-related &#8211; On-site sale, rental, service, maintenance, or
refueling of motor vehicles or their components. These uses include the sale,
installation or repair of parts, components, accessories, or fuel for motor
vehicles, including, but not limited to, gas service station, auto repair
facility, carwash, automobile sales, boat sales, or motorcycle sales;





Office &#8211; On-site administrative, business, professional, research, or
laboratory-based activities.  These uses are characterized by activities in an
office setting that focus on the provision of off-site sale of goods or on-site
information-based services, usually by professionals, including, but not limited
to, real estate agency, law firm, accounting firm, advertising agency,
stockbrokerage firm, or laboratory;





Open Space &#8211; Land that is intended to be preserved in a largely natural
state;





Parking &#8211; The on-site short- or long-term storage of motor vehicles,
including surface lots or within structures, including, but not limited to:
parking accessory to another use, public parking lot, public parking garage, and
private garage;





Parks and Recreation &#8211; Publicly accessible passive or active open space or
a structure or facility under the jurisdiction of a public agency that is used
for community recreation activities, including, but not limited to: public
plazas, parks, outdoor recreation, community gardens, areas devoted to
recreational activities such as picnicking, boating, fishing, bicycling, tennis,
or swimming, and structures or other recreation facilities such as auditorium,
multi-purpose room, gymnasium, meeting space, open space, playground, playing
court, golf course, playing field, or swimming pool, with associated accessory
uses such as kitchen facilities;





Production, Distribution, Light Industrial, and Repair &#8211; The on-site
production, distribution, repair, assembly, processing, or sale of materials,
products, innovative technology, or goods intended for a wholesale,
manufacturing, or industrial application, including, but not limited to,
centralized services or logistics for retail uses, wholesale goods
establishments, outdoor material storage, warehouse, ground shipping facility,
or wholesale sales;





Residential &#8211; Any use offering habitation to one or more households on a
continuous basis established by tenancy with a minimum term of a month or
property ownership, including, but are not limited to: single dwelling unit,
multiple dwelling units.  This use category includes residential facilities that
provide housing and supervision for persons with disabilities, which may include
twenty-four-(24-) hour on-site supervision, lodging, and meals for individuals
who require supervision within a structured environment, and which may include
specialized services such as medical, psychiatric, nursing, behavioral,
vocational, social, or recreational services, including but not limited to
community residence facilities, retirement homes, substance abusers’ home,
youth residential care home, assisted living facility, floating homes, and other
residential uses;





Retail &#8211; The on-site sale of goods, wares, or merchandise directly to the
consumer or persons without a resale license, typically to individuals in small
quantities for their direct use, including, but not limited to, uses such as
antique shop, drugstore, department store, card shop, grocery store, jewelry
store, fabric store, or pawn shop but not including firearm sales;





Service &#8211; The contracting of work that does not necessarily result in a
tangible commodity, typically providing personal services or small-scale product
repair or services for consumer and business goods on-site, including, but not
limited to: bank, appliance repair, travel agency, fitness center, yoga studio,
shoe repair, tailor, or parcel delivery service; and





Transportation Infrastructure &#8211; Structures or conveyances designed for
individual mode or multimodal public transportation purposes, including, but not
limited to: land or facilities for the movement or storage of transportation
system components, streetcar or bus passenger depots, transportation rights of
way, Metro stations, mass transit stations, bus stops, bicycle paths, bus
transfer stations, accessways, airports, bicycle facilities, multi-use paths,
pedestrian connections, or streets.





The uses listed in § 3303.1 shall be permitted by-right in all subdistricts of
the StE District, except as limited in §§ 3303.3 to 3303.8.





Within the StE-19 subdistrict, no use is permitted except for Open Space and
Transportation Infrastructure.





Uses permitted within the StE-10 and StE-14a subdistricts shall be in accordance
with the R-4 use provisions of 11 DCMR § 330 which includes but is not limited,
to rowhouses, flats, attached or detached dwellings, and other uses compatible
with a low to moderate density residential zone.





Accessory uses, buildings, or structures customarily incidental and subordinate
to the principal uses permitted in § 3302 shall be permitted in any StE
District except StE-19 as a matter of right, subject to the limitations in
Chapter 25 of this title.





Preferred uses described in § 3305 shall be provided in accordance with the
provisions of that section.





The following uses shall be permitted in the StE District as a special exception
if approved by the Board of Zoning Adjustment pursuant to the general standard
of § 3104, the criteria set forth in § 3304 and the specific conditions stated
below:





Emergency shelter for five (5) to fifteen (15) persons, not including resident
supervisors or staff and their families, subject to the standards and
requirements of § 305; and





Community Based Institutional Facilities for seven (7) to fifteen (15) persons,
not including resident supervisors or staff and their families, subject to the
standards and requirements for Youth and Adult Rehabilitation Homes of § 306.





The following uses are prohibited within the StE District as either a principal
or an accessory use:





Any establishment that has as its principal use the administration of massages;





Any industrial use first permitted in the M District;





Correctional Facility;





Drive-through establishment, where goods are sold/rented or services rendered,
directly to occupants of motor vehicles while in the vehicles;





Firearm Sales, including gun store, ammunition sales, pawn shop carrying guns,
or weaponry store;





Self-service storage establishment that provides separate storage areas for
individual or business uses;





Sexually-oriented business establishment;





Vehicle repair and servicing, including full-serve and mini-serve gas stations,
unattended key card stations, car washes, quick lubrication services, and
vehicle emission test sites; and





Vehicle sales.







SOURCE: Final Rulemaking published at 60 DCR 4834 (March 29, 2013).
