                                  DC REGULATIONS

CONSTRUCTION, FIRE SAFETY, FENCING, DRIVEWAYS, AND PAVING (§ 24-605)

605.1 	Parking facilities shall at all times comply with the fire prevention
laws and regulations of the District of Columbia.

605.2 	No frame structure shall be erected, constructed, or maintained upon any
surface parking lot or ground that is more than forty square feet (40 ft.2) in
area. Any such structures shall comply with District Construction Codes
requirements.

605.3 	No license shall be issued for any surface parking lot or ground abutting
public space, not including public alleys, unless the division line between the
public space and the surface parking lot or ground is marked by the coping or
fence required under this section.

605.4 	The coping or fence required under this section for surface parking lots
shall be built entirely on private property and the licensee shall apply for the
necessary permitting.

605.5 	Coping shall consist of a regulation eight inch (8 in.) coping made of
concrete.

605.6 	Fencing shall be of an approved design, not less than two feet six inches
(2 ft. 6 in.) in height; and may be made of cable, bar, wire, or chain
construction with concrete, iron, pipe, or wood posts.

605.7 	Failure to erect or maintain the coping or fence for surface parking lots
required under this section shall be a violation of this chapter.

605.8 	All curb cuts and driveways shall meet the specifications of and be
permitted by the District Department of Transportation.

605.9 	Businesses abutting on one (1) street shall be limited to two (2)
driveways, and businesses abutting on two (2) or more streets shall be limited
to three (3) driveways.

605.10 	Lots and grounds paved with impervious material shall be graded and
provided with approved drains so that no drainage will flow across the sidewalk.

605.11 	No paving on public space shall be done without first obtaining permit
from the District Department of Transportation.



	SOURCE: Article 28, §§2(c) &#038; (d) of the Police Regulations (1981) (as
sections 605-608); as amended by Final Rulemaking published at 56 DCR 7303
(September 4, 2009).
