                                  DC REGULATIONS

FILING AN OBJECTION (§ 19-1605)

1605.1 	The affected Advisory Neighborhood Commission or any resident or owner
of property within six hundred (600) feet of the boundary lines of the lot on
which the public hall is situated may file an objection to the issuance of a new
or a renewal license. If an objection is filed, the Director shall hold a
hearing to make the determinations required by D.C. Official Code §
47-2820(b-1)(2).



1605.2 	An objection shall be in writing and must be filed with the
Department’s Business and Professional Licensing Administration at least five
(5) calendar days prior to the date of the hearing. The objection shall list the
name and address of the person making the objection and shall describe the
reasons for the objection.



1605.3 	When a party retains counsel, the attorney so retained shall include his
or her name, address, phone number, and D.C. Bar number on the first document
filed by that party after retaining counsel. If the party retains counsel after
filing a document and the party does not file additional documents, the attorney
retained shall promptly file with the Department a notice of appearance
containing the attorney’s name, address, phone number, and D.C. Bar number.



1605.4 	When a party is proceeding without representation by counsel, the party
shall include his or her name, address, and phone number on any document filed
with the Department.



	SOURCE: Final Rulemaking published at 39 DCR 9292, 9294-95 (December 11, 1992);
as amended by Notice of emergency and proposed rulemaking at 52 DCR
8531(September 16, 2005) [EXPIRED]; as amended by Final Rulemaking published at
57 DCR 521, 524 (January 8, 2010).



	EDITOR&#8217;S NOTE: Section 1605 published at 39 DCR 9292 (December 11, 1992)
was renumbered as section 1603 by Final Rulemaking published at 57 DCR 521
(January 8, 2010).  Section 1608 published at 39 DCR 9292 (December 11, 1992)
was renumbered as section 1605 by Final Rulemaking published at 57 DCR 521
(January 8, 2010).
