                                  DC REGULATIONS

PUBLIC NOTICE BY THE APPLICANT (ยง 19-1604)

1604.1 	The applicant shall post two (2) notices supplied by the Director in
conspicuous places on the building for which the license is sought and shall
take photographic evidence of the posting.

1604.2 	The notices shall be posted for at least twenty-eight (28) consecutive
days, with the first consecutive day occurring at least thirty (30) calendar
days prior to the noticed hearing date, and shall contain the information set
forth in ยง 1603.2.

1604.3 	The notices shall be securely posted on the front of the building. The
bottom of the notice may not be less than three (3) feet above the abutting
pedestrian level, and the top of the notice may not be more than six (6) feet
above the abutting pedestrian level.

1604.4 	The notices may be attached to the inside of a window, provided that the
notices meet the positioning requirements of ยง 1604.3.

1604.5 	Notices posted on the exterior of a building shall be covered with clear
plastic to protect them from the weather.

1604.6 	On or before the date of the hearing, the applicant shall file an
affidavit with the Director certifying that the notice requirements of ยง 1604
have been satisfied.

1604.7 	If the notices have been removed or are posted in a manner making them
not easily visible from the street, the Director may extend the notice period or
may require that the notice be reposted and the notice period begin anew.



	SOURCE: Final Rulemaking published at 39 DCR 9292, 9294 (December 11, 1992); as
amended by Notice of emergency and proposed rulemaking at 52 DCR 8531(September
16, 2005) [EXPIRED]; as amended by Final Rulemaking published at 57 DCR 521, 524
(January 8, 2010).



	EDITOR&#8217;S NOTE: Section 1604 published at 39 DCR 9292 (December 11, 1992)
was renumbered as section 1602 by Final Rulemaking published at 57 DCR 521
(January 8, 2010).  Section 1606 published at 39 DCR 9292 (December 11, 1992)
was renumbered as section 1604 by Final Rulemaking published at 57 DCR 521
(January 8, 2010).
