                                  DC REGULATIONS

DENIAL, SUSPENSION, OR REVOCATION OF LICENSE (§ 19-1602)

1602.1 	The Director may deny an application or suspend or revoke a license if:

(a)	The application, or any other document required to accompany the
application, contains a false statement;

(b)	The applicant or licensee, or its officer, partner, or member, has a
criminal conviction that, considering its age and severity, bears on their
fitness to operate a public hall;

(c)	The activities at the public hall or associated with the public hall have
created or will create a nuisance or a threat to the public health, public
safety, or the peace, order, or quiet of the surrounding community;

(d)	The activities at the public hall or associated with the public hall have
had or will have a significant adverse effect on the residential parking needs
and vehicular and pedestrian safety of the surrounding neighborhood;

(e)	The building violates District zoning, building, or fire safety statutes or
regulations;

(f)	The applicant or licensee has allowed or failed to prevent illegal activity
from occurring at a public hall; or

(g)	The applicant or licensee has failed to take reasonable steps to prevent
violence or any other nuisance from occurring at a public hall or in the
surrounding community.

1602.2 	An appeal from the denial, suspension, or revocation of a license may be
filed with the Office of Administrative Hearings in accordance with its rules of
procedure.



	SOURCE:  Final Rulemaking published at 39 DCR 9292 (December 11, 1992); as
amended by Notice of emergency and proposed rulemaking at 52 DCR 8531(September
16, 2005) [EXPIRED]; as amended by Final Rulemaking published at 57 DCR 521, 523
(January 8, 2010).



EDITOR’S NOTE: Section 1602 published at 39 DCR 9292 (December 11, 1992) was
renumbered as section 1600 by Final Rulemaking published at 57 DCR 521 (January
8, 2010).  Section 1604 published at 39 DCR 9292 (December 11, 1992) was
renumbered as section 1602 by Final Rulemaking published at 57 DCR 521 (January
8, 2010).
