                                  DC REGULATIONS

CONTINUING EDUCATION CREDITS (ยง 17-7908)

7908.1 	For the purposes of this chapter, one (1) credit hour shall mean sixty
(60) minutes of learning time.



7908.2 	The Board may grant credit for Board-approved activities as specified
below:



(a) 	The Board shall grant credit for a course given at an accredited college or
university provided that:



(1) 	Each three (3)-credit-hour academic course constitutes thirty (30) hours of
continuing education; and



(2) 	For each approved three (3)-credit-hour academic course that is audited,
two (2) continuing education hours shall be granted.



(b) 	The Board may grant a maximum of six (6) continuing education hours per
renewal period to an applicant who attends a pre-approved in-service education
program.



7908.3 	The Board may grant credit for serving as a presenter or speaker at a
conference, seminar, workshop, or in- service training, or electronic or
web-based course subject to the following restrictions:



(a) 	Hours granted pursuant to this section shall not exceed six (6) hours per
renewal period;



(b) 	If a licensee or a renewal, reinstatement, or reactivation applicant has
previously received credit in connection with a particular presentation, the
Board shall not grant credit for a subsequent presentation unless it involves
either a different subject or substantial additional research concerning the
same subject;



(c) 	The presentation was completed during the period for which credit is
claimed; and



(d) 	The maximum amount of credit which may be granted for preparation time is
twice the amount of the associated presentation time or twice the amount of
contact hours awarded for participants.



7908.4  	The Board may grant credit for publication of an article in a
professional journal or publication of a book or a chapter in a book or
publication of a book review in a professional journal  related to audiology or
speech-language pathology, subject to the following:



(a) 	The Board may grant eight (8) hours of continuing education credit per
renewal period to an author or sole editor of a published book, if the book was
published or accepted for publication during the period for which credit is
claimed and the applicant submits proof of this fact in the application;



(b) 	The Board may grant four (4) hours of continuing education per renewal
period to the sole author or co-author of a peer-reviewed published original
paper; and



(c) 	The Board may grant one (1) continuing education hour of credit per renewal
period to the sole author of a published book review.







SOURCE: Final Rulemaking published at 56 DCR 7314 (September 4, 2009); as
amended by Final Rulemaking published at 60 DCR 148 (October 18, 2013).
