                                  DC REGULATIONS

CONTINUING EDUCATION PROGRAMS AND ACTIVITIES (§ 17-7907)

7907.1 	A continuing education hour shall be valid only if it is part of a
program or activity approved by the Board.



7907.2 	The Board may approve a continuing education program if it meets the
following criteria:







It is current in its subject matter;







It has been developed and will be taught by qualified individuals; and







The program provider submits for the Board’s review, no less than thirty (30)
days prior to the date of the presentation, the following documentation:







 A copy of the official program or syllabus;







The presentation title;







The date of the presentation;







The contact hours or credits awarded for the presentation; and







The type of audience for which the program is intended.

7907.3 	The Board shall accept for credit, programs or activities conducted by
the following organizations (provided that the applicant submits verification of
attendance):

(a) 	The Speech-Language Hearing Association of the District of Columbia or
similar speech-language hearing association of another state;



(b) 	The American Academy of Audiology;



(c) 	The American Speech-Language Hearing Association (ASHA) and its approved
continuing education providers;



(d) 	An accredited provider of The Accreditation Council on Continuing Medical
Education of the American Medical Association offering Category I continuing
medical education;



(e) 	The International Association of Continuing Education and Training (IACET)
and its authorized providers;



(f) 	A health care organization accredited by the Joint Commission on
Accreditation of Healthcare Organizations (JCAHO); or



(g)	The International Hearing Society.



7907.4 	The Board may accept for credit the following activities:



(a) 	A course given at an accredited college or university;



(b) 	A seminar or workshop;



(c) 	An educational program given at a conference;



(d) 	In-service training;



(e) 	Serving as a presenter or speaker at a conference, seminar, workshop, or
in- service training; or



(f) 	Publishing an article in a professional journal or publication of a book or
a chapter in a book or publication of a book review in a professional journal
related to audiology or speech-language pathology.



7907.5 	The Board may, in its discretion, approve additional continuing
education programs and activities that contribute to the growth of professional
competence in the practice of audiology or speech-language pathology and meet
the other requirements of this section.



7907.6 	The Board shall not grant credit for work done in the course of a
renewal, reinstatement, or reactivation applicant’s normal occupation or
incident to the performance of his or her regular duties, such as teaching
courses, research, or course preparation in the case of a teacher or professor.



7907.7 	A renewal, reinstatement, or reactivation applicant shall have the
burden of verifying whether a program is approved by the Board.



7907.8  	A renewal, reinstatement, or reactivation applicant shall prove
completion of required continuing education hours by submitting upon request the
following information with respect to each program:



(a) 	The name and address of the provider of the program;



(b) 	The name of the program, its location, a description of the subject matter
covered, and the names of the instructors;



(c) 	The dates on which the applicant attended the program;



(d) 	The hours of credit claimed; and



(e) 	Verification by the course provider or accreditor of completion, by
signature, stamp, or official transcript in the case of accreditors.







SOURCE: Final Rulemaking published at 56 DCR 7314 (September 4, 2009); as
amended by Final Rulemaking published at 60 DCR 14810 (October 18, 2013).
