                                  DC REGULATIONS

DISTRICT ROSTER OF HANDGUNS DETERMINED NOT TO BE UNSAFE (§ 24-2323)

2323.1 	The Metropolitan Police Department shall establish the District Roster
of Handguns Determined Not to be Unsafe (District Roster). Pursuant to §
504(e)(4) and 504(f) of the Act (D.C. Official Code § 7-2505.04 (e)(4) &#038;
(f) (2012 Repl.)), the District Roster shall constitute the roster of pistols
that may be manufactured, sold, given, loaned, exposed for sale, transferred, or
imported into the District of Columbia notwithstanding § 504(a) of the Act, and
that may be owned or possessed within the District of Columbia notwithstanding
§ 504(b) of the Act.

2323.2 	The District Roster shall include:

(a) 	Any pistol that is on the California Roster of Handguns Certified for Sale
(also known as the California Roster of Handguns Determined Not to be Unsafe)
(California Roster), pursuant to California Penal Code § 12131, as of January
1, 2009, unless such pistol is an unregisterable firearm pursuant to § 202 of
the Act (D.C. Official Code § 7-2502.02 (2013 Supp.));

(b) 	Any pistol that was listed on the California Roster prior to January 1,
2009, which was, or is subsequently, removed from the California Roster for any
reason not related to the pistol’s safety;

(c) 	Any pistol listed on the January 1, 2009, Maryland Department of State
Police Official Handgun Roster, as of January 1, 2009, published as Attachment A
to this section, unless such pistol is an unregisterable firearm pursuant to §
202 of the Act (D.C. Official Code § 7-2502.02 (2013 Supp.)); and

(d) 	Any pistol listed on the Commonwealth of Massachusetts Executive Office of
Public Safety and Security Approved Firearms Roster, as of April 2, 2009,
published as Attachment B to this section, unless such pistol is an
unregisterable firearm pursuant to § 202 of the Act (D.C. Official Code §
7-2502.02 (2013 Supp.)).

2323.3 	A pistol shall be deemed to be included on the District Roster if
another pistol made by the same manufacturer is already listed and the unlisted
pistol differs from the listed firearm only in one (1) or more of the following
features:

(a) 	Finish, including, but not limited to, bluing, chrome-plating, oiling, or
engraving.

(b) 	The material from which the grips are made.

(c) 	The shape or texture of the grips, so long as the difference in grip shape
or texture does not in any way alter the dimensions, material, linkage, or
functioning of the magazine well, the barrel, the chamber, or any of the
components of the firing mechanism of the pistol.

(d) 	Any other purely cosmetic feature that does not in any way alter the
dimensions, material, linkage, or functioning of the magazine well, the barrel,
the chamber, or any of the components of the firing mechanism of the pistol.

2323.4 	Any applicant seeking to have a pistol registered under § 2323.3 shall
provide to the Chief all of the following:

(a) 	The model designation of the listed firearm.

(b) 	The model designation of each firearm that the applicant seeks to have
registered under this section.

(c) 	A statement, under oath, that each unlisted pistol for which registration
is sought differs from the listed pistol only in one (1) or more of the ways
identified in § 2323.3 and is in all other respects identical to the listed
pistol.

2323.5 	Any decision refusing registration pursuant to this section may be
appealed to the Chief pursuant to § 210 of the Act (D.C. Official Code §
7-2502.10 (2012 Repl.)), and thereafter to the Office of Administrative
Hearings, pursuant to D.C. Official Code § 2-1831.03(b-2) (2012 Repl.). In any
such appeal, the applicant shall bear the burden of demonstrating that the
Chief’s decision should be reversed and registration permitted.

2323.6 	The make and model of any pistol registered pursuant to §§ 2323.3
through 2323.5 shall be recorded by the Metropolitan Police Department in such a
manner to allow the Chief to waive the requirements of § 2323.4 in the event an
additional applicant seeks registration for an identical pistol.





SOURCE: Final Rulemaking published at 56 DCR 8745 (November 6, 2009),
incorporating text of Proposed Rulemaking published at 56 DCR 4782 (June 19,
2009); as amended by Final Rulemaking published at 60 DCR 17215 (December 27,
2013).

ATTACHMENT A



MARYLAND DEPARTMENT OF STATE POLICE

Official Handgun Roster

January 1, 2009





	Manufacturer	Model Name	Model Number	Caliber





	Agrozet National





	CZ-83	.380 ACP





	Alchemy Arms





	Spectre	9mm, .40 S&#038;W, .45 ACP





	Aldo Uberti &#038; Co.





	1851 Rich. Conv	.38 SP, .38 Colt, .44 Colt





	1858 Remington Conversion	1000/01/02/03/04/05/10/11/12/13	.45LC, .38 Sp,
.32-20,





	.44-40





	1860 Rich. Conv	.38 SP, .38 Colt, .44 Colt





	1873	.22 LR, .44/40





	1875 Outlaw	.357 MAG





	1875 Schofield	Cavalry &#038; W. Fargo	.44-40, .45 LC





	1875 Top Break	.357 Mag., .45LC, 44-40





	Bisley	.44-40, .45 LC, .44 MAG,





	.357 Mag.





	Buck Horn	.44 MAG





	Cattleman	.22 LR, .22 MAG, .357





	MAG,.38 SP,  44-40, .45





	LC





	Regulator	.357 MAG, .44-40, .45 LC





	Regulator Delux	.357 MAG, .44-40, .45 LC





	Regulator Sher.	.357 MAG, .44-40, .45 LC





	Regulator Store	.357 MAG, .44-40, .45 LC





	Replicas	.38, .44





	Rolling Block Target Pistol 1871	Cat 1548	.22LR, .22 Mag, .22 Horn,





	 .222 Rem, .223 Rem, .45





	 Colt, .357 Mag





	Russian	.44 Russian





	Sing Act Commem	All





	Single Action	.357 MAG, .44/40, .45 LC





	Smoke Wagon	4105/06/07/08/09/10/11/12	.45 LC, .38 Sp, .44-40,





	.357 Mag





	Official Handgun Roster January 1, 2009





	Page 1 of 73





	Manufacturer	Model Name	Model Number	Caliber





	Stallion	.22 MAG





	Stampede	SAA	.357 Mag., .45 Colt





	AMAC/Iver Johnson





	Pony	.380 ACP





	TP22	.22 LR





	TP25	.25 ACP





	Trailsman	.22 LR





	Amadeo Rossi S.A.





	283	.32 S&#038;W





	293	.32 S&#038;W





	483	.22 LR





	518	.22LR





	720 Hammerless	.44 SP





	Cyclops	.357 MAG





	Lady Rossi	.38 SP





	M 31	.38 SP





	M 51	.22 LR





	M 511 Sportsman	.22 LR





	M 515	.22 LR or .22 Mag





	M 677	.357 MAG





	M 68	.38 SP





	M 70	.22 LR





	M 720	.44 S&#038;W Special





	M 84	.38 SP





	M 841	.38 SP





	M 85	.38 SP





	M 851	.38 SP





	M 853	.38 SP





	M 877	.357 MAG





	M 88	.38 SP





	M 89	.32 S&#038;W





	Official Handgun Roster January 1, 2009





	Page 2 of 73





	Manufacturer	Model Name	Model Number	Caliber





	M 94	.38 SP





	M 941	.38 SP





	M 95	.38 SP





	M 951	.38 SP





	M 97	.357 MAG





	M 971,M 971-VRC	.357 MAG





	Amadeo Rossi S.A. (Braztech)





	R851	.38 Spl., .357 Mag., .22





	LR, .17 HMR





	R971	.38 Spl., .357 Mag., .22





	LR, .17 HMR





	R972	.38 Spl., .357 Mag., .22





	LR, .17 HMR

		R 351, R 352	.357 MAG, .38 SP

		R 461, R 462	.357 MAG, .38 SP





	Amer. Frontier Firearms





	1851 Richards N	.38, .38 SP, .44 Russian





	1871-72 Models	.38, .38 SP, .44 Russian





	Remington New	Army Models	.38SP, 44RUS&#038;SP, 44-





	40, .45 LC





	Richards &#038;Mason	1851 Navy	.38, .38 SP, .44 Russian





	Richards 1860-	Army &#038; 1861 Navy	.38, .38 SP, .44 Russian





	American Arms, Inc.





	CX-22 Classic	.22 LR





	CXC-22	.22 LR





	EP-380	.380 ACP





	MX-9	9mm





	P-98	.22 LR





	PK-22	.22 LR





	PX-22	.22 LR





	Sabre	.40 S&#038;W, 9mm





	Woodmaster	.22 LR

	American Western Arms



Official Handgun Roster January 1, 2009





	Page 3 of 73





	Manufacturer	Model Name	Model Number	Caliber





	Longhorn	1873 Army	.44 SP, .45 LC, 32/20,





	38/40, 38/357, 44/40





	Peacekeeper	1873 Army	32/20, 38/40, 38/357,





	44/40, .44 SP, .45 LC





	AMT or IAI/AMT





	.380 Backup II	.380 ACP





	.45 ACP Backup	.45 ACP





	400 Accelerator	.400 Corbon





	Automag II	.22 MAG





	Automag III	.30 CAR, 9mm WIN





	Automag IV	.45 WNMG





	Automag V	AMT-00050	.50 AE





	Backup	.22 LR, .380 ACP





	Backup DAO	.38 SUP, 9mm, .40





	S&#038;W,.380 ACP





	Commando	.40 S&#038;W





	Government	.45 ACP





	Hardballer	.45 ACP





	Hardballer Long	.45 ACP





	Javelina	10mm





	Lightning	.22 LR





	Lightning Bulls	.22 LR





	On Duty	9mm, .40 S&#038;W





	Skipper	.40 S&#038;W





	Anschutz





	Exemplar	.22 LR





	Varmint Pistol	17LP	.17 HMR





	Varmit-Target	64P	.22 LR, .22 Mag,.223.22-





	250





	Arcus





	Arcus 94	9mm, .40 S&#038;W





	Compact 94	9mm, .40 S&#038;W

	ArmaLite



Official Handgun Roster January 1, 2009





	Page 4 of 73





	Manufacturer	Model Name	Model Number	Caliber





	AR-24, AR-24 Special	9mm





	AR-24, AR-24 Special	9mm





	AR-24k, AR-24k Special	9mm





	Armi San Marco





	1851 Rich. Conv	.38 SP, .38 Colt, .44 Colt





	1860 Army Black	Powder Conversion	.44 Colt, .38 Colt





	1860 Rich. Conv	.38 SP, .38 Colt, . 44 Colt





	Schofield Mil.	.44-40





	Sing Act Commem	All





	Armi San Marco (Cimarron Arms)





	1861 Rich. Conv	.32 WCF, 32-20





	1861 Rich. Conv	.38 SP, .38 Colt, .44 Colt





	Frontier 6 Shtr	All as of 4/30/96	All as of 4/30/96





	New Thunderer	All as of 4/30/96	All as of 4/30/96





	Peacemaker	All as of 4/30/96	All as of 4/30/96





	Pinched Frame	.45 LC





	Schofield Mil.	.45 LC





	Sheriff&#8217;s Model	All as of 4/30/96	All as of 4/30/96





	Single Act Army	All as of 4/30/96	All as of 4/30/96





	Sp. Ed. SAA	All as of 4/30/96	All as of 4/30/96





	Storekeeper	All as of 4/30/96	All as of 4/30/96





	Armi San Marco (Traditions)





	1873 SAA	.45 LC, 44-40, .22LR, .357





	 MAG





	Blk. Pwdr. Conv	.38 SP, 44 Colt, 38 Colt





	Blk. Pwdr. Conv	32-20, .32 WCF, 44-40,





	.45SCHO





	Arms Corp. Philippines





	Det. Chief	M200 DC	.38 SP





	Police	M200 P	.38 SP





	Special Edition	100 TC	.38 SP

	Thunder Chief	M200 TC	.38 SP



Official Handgun Roster January 1, 2009





	Page 5 of 73





	Manufacturer	Model Name	Model Number	Caliber





	Arsenal (Bulgaria)





	Makarov	9X18 mm, .380 ACP





	Astra





	250	.38





	680	.38





	A-100	9mm, .45 ACP, .40 S&#038;W





	A-100 Car. Comp	9mm, .40 S&#038;W, .45 ACP





	A-60	.380 ACP





	A-70	9mm





	A-75	9mm, .40 S&#038;W, .45 ACP





	A-80	.38 SUP, .45 ACP, 9mm





	A-90	.45 ACP, 9mm





	Constable	.22 LR, .380 ACP





	M 357(Big Bore)	.357 MAG





	M 41 (Big Bore)	.41 MAG





	M 44 (Big Bore)	.44 MAG





	M 45 (Big Bore)	.45 ACP





	Sport	.22 LR





	Australian Automatic Arms





	SAP	.223 CAL





	Auto Ordnance





	1911A1	10mm





	Commemorative	1911A1	.45 ACP





	Competition	1911-A1	.45 ACP





	Government	1911A1	.38 SUP, .45 ACP, 9mm





	Pit Bull ZG51	1911A1	.45 ACP





	The General	1911 Thompson	.45 ACP





	Thompson 1911A1	.40 S&#038;W





	Thompson 1927A-1	TA5	.45 ACP





	Baikal &#8211; (Russia)





	MC-55-1	.22





	Official Handgun Roster January 1, 2009





	Page 6 of 73





	Manufacturer	Model Name	Model Number	Caliber





	TOZ-35M	.22





	Vostok	.22 LR





	Vostok MC 55	.22 LR





	Vostok TOZ 35	.22 LR





	Baikal or IMEZ &#8211; (Russia)





	IJ-70 Models	All	9mm Makarov &#038; .380





	IZH35M	.22 LR, .32 ACP





	Beeman Precision Arms, Inc.





	Mini P-08 Auto	.380 ACP





	P-08 Auto Pis.	.22 LR





	Beeman/Unique





	D.E.S. 32U	Rapid Fire Match	.32 S&#038;W





	Benelli





	B76	.30 LUGER, 9mm





	B77	.32 ACP





	B80	.30 LUGER





	Benelli 9MM	9mm





	MP3S	.32 SWLWC





	MP90S	.22 LR, .32 S&#038;W,WC





	MP95E	.22 LR, .32 WC





	Beretta USA





	21 Bobcat	.22 LR





	70-S	.22 LR, .380 ACP





	71	.22 LR





	76	.22 LR





	81-BB	.32 ACP





	87 Cheetah	.22 LR





	87-BB Cheetah	.22 LR





	89 Gold Standard	.22 LR





	90-Two	9mm, .40 S&#038;W





	98-FS	9mm





	Official Handgun Roster January 1, 2009





	Page 7 of 73





	Manufacturer	Model Name	Model Number	Caliber





	M-89-BB	.380





	PB-765	.22 LR





	21-A (Bobcat)	All as of 4/30/96	.22 LR, .25 ACP





	3032 (ThunCat.)	.32 ACP





	3032 (Tomcat)	All as of 4/30/96	.32 ACP





	84 (Cheetah)	All as of 4/30/96	.380 ACP





	85 (Cheetah)	All as of 4/30/96	.380 ACP





	86 (Cheetah)	All as of 4/30/96	.380 ACP





	9000S (F or D)	9mm, .40 S&#038;W, .357 SIG,





	 .45ACP





	92	All as of 4/30/96	9mm





	950 (Jetfire)	All as of 4/30/96	.22 SH, .25 ACP, .22 LR





	96	All as of 4/30/96	.40 S&#038;W





	Cougar 80357	.357 SIG





	Cougar 8045	.45 ACP





	Cougar F 8000	or Model 95	9mm





	Cougar F, G, D	8040	.40 S&#038;W





	Cougar G,D	8000	9mm





	M9	9mm





	Mini Cougar	8000/8040 D,F or G	9mm, .40SW





	Mini Cougar	8045F	.45 ACP





	Neos	U22	.22 LR





	Px4 Storm	Type F, D, G, C





	Px4 Storm	Type F, D, G, C	9mm, .40S&#038;W  .45 ACP





	(Model Addition D,G,C)





	Px4 Storm Sub Compact	Type F, D, G, C	9mm, .40 S&#038;W





	Stampede	SAA	.357 Mag., .45 Colt





	Target 87	.22 LR





	Bernardelli





	PO18, PO18/9, PO18C	7.65mm, 9mm, 9X21mm





	100	.22 LR





	69	.22 LR





	Official Handgun Roster January 1, 2009





	Page 8 of 73





	Manufacturer	Model Name	Model Number	Caliber





	80	.22 LR, .380 ACP





	90	.22 LR, .32 ACP





	AMR	.22 LR, .380 ACP





	P. One	9X21 mm, 9X19 mm, .40





	S&#038;W





	PO10	.22 LR





	U.S.A.	.22 LR, .380 ACP





	Bersa





	223	.22 LR





	224	.22 LR





	226	.22 LR





	23 &#038; 23 NKL	.22 LR





	383	.380 ACP





	83 &#038; 83 NKL	.380 ACP





	85	.380 ACP





	86	.380





	90	9mm





	Firestorm	.22 LR, .32 ACP, .380 ACP





	Mini Firestorm	.45ACP, 9mm, .40 S&#038;W





	Series 95	.380 ACP





	Thunder 380	.380 ACP





	Thunder 380 Matte Plus	.380 ACP





	Thunder 40	.40 S&#038;W





	Thunder 45	.45 ACP





	Thunder 9	9mm





	BF Arms





	Single Shot Pis	ALL





	Bond Arms





	Century 2000	.357 SIG,.357 Mag, .357





	Max, .32 H&#038;R, .22Mag,





	.38-40, .44-40





	Century 2000	.45 LC, 450 Super Bond,





	.44 Mag, 10mm, 9mm,

	.40 S&#038;W, .22 LR



Official Handgun Roster January 1, 2009





	Page 9 of 73





	Manufacturer	Model Name	Model Number	Caliber





	Ranger	.45Colt/.410 Gauge





	Snake Slayer	BASS	.40S&#038;W,.357Max/Mag,





	.38SPl, 9mm, .32 H&#038;R





	mag, .22LR





	Snake Slayer	BASS	45/410,.45Colt,450SuperB





	ond,.44Special,44-





	40,.45GAP,10mm





	Snake Slayer IV	.410/.45LC





	Texas Defender	with trigger guard





	Texas Defender	with trigger guard	.32 HR, 38/357, 9mm, .45





	 Colt. .40 S&#038;W, .44





	MAG/.44 SP,.45 ACP, .45





	 Super, .44 Russian





	Texas Defender	with trigger guard	.40 S&#038;W, .44 MAG/.44





	British Firearms Ltd.





	2000	.22





	BRNO or CZ





	CZ2075 Rami	9mm, .40 S&#038;W





	CZ75 Compact	9mm, .40 S&#038;W





	CZ75 P-01	9mm, .40 S&#038;W





	CZ75B	9mm, .40 S&#038;W





	CZ75BD	9mm, .40 S&#038;W





	CZ75D Compact	9mm, .40 S&#038;W





	CZ75SA	9mm, .40 S&#038;W





	Cadet	75	.22 LR





	CZ-100, CZ-101	9mm,.40 S&#038;W,.45





	ACP,.357 SIG





	CZ-40, CZ-40B	.40 S&#038;W





	CZ-50	.32/7.65





	CZ-75	9mm, .40 S&#038;W





	CZ-83	.32 ACP, .380 ACP





	CZ-85	7.65, 9mm





	CZ-97B	.45 ACP, .40 S&#038;W





	Brolin Arms

	L45	.45 ACP

Official Handgun Roster January 1, 2009





	Page 10 of 73





	Manufacturer	Model Name	Model Number	Caliber





	L45C	.45 ACP





	P45 Comp	.45 ACP





	P45C Comp	.45 ACP





	Pro-Comp	.45 ACP





	Pro-Stock	.45 ACP





	Browning





	40 S&#038;W HiPower	2W05P24	.40 S&#038;W





	425	.380





	BDA	.380 ACP





	BPM-D	9mm, .40S&#038;W, .357 SIG,





	.45 ACP





	Buckmark	All	.22 LR





	Challenger	I, II, or III	.22 CAL





	Double-Mode	BDM	9mm





	High Power	G. P. Practical	9mm





	High Power	G.P. Competition	9mm





	High Power	G.P. Sport	9mm





	High Power	Mark II	9mm





	High Power	Mark III S	9mm





	High Power	Military Nato	9mm





	High Power	Vigilante	9mm





	HiPower Capitan	2405144	9mm





	Hi-Power Standard	51003: 494, 493, 394, 393	9mm, .40S&#038;W





	HP-Practical	Adj. Sights	.40 S&#038;W





	HP-Practical	Adj. Sights	9mm





	Pro-9, Pro-40	051251393, 051252394	9mm, .40 S&#038;W





	Browning Fabrique Nat.





	High Power	9mm





	Bruni, S.P.A.





	Jaguar-80	.32





	BUL Transmark, Ltd.





	M-5 &#038; M-5 Frame	All	.40 S&#038;W, .45 ACP





	Official Handgun Roster January 1, 2009





	Page 11 of 73





	Manufacturer	Model Name	Model Number	Caliber





	M-5 &#038; M-5 Frame	All	9X19, 9X21, 9X23, .38





	SUP





	Calico





	950	9mm





	M110	.22 LR





	Caspian Arms Ltd.





	Frames	All	All





	M1911 Style	.45 ACP





	CCF Raceframes LLC





	Alloy Glock Pistol Frame	N/A	N/A





	Century Gun Distributing Inc





	Model 100	.45-70





	Model 300	.30-30





	Model 300	.375 WIN





	Model 400	.444 MAR





	Model 500	.50-70





	Charles Daly





	1873	.357Mag, .45 LC





	ZDA	9mm, .40 S&#038;W





	1911A1 Empire	EFST, ECMT, EFS, ECS, EMS	.45 ACP, .38 Super,





	9mm, .40 S&#038;W





	1911-A1 Field	FS, MS, CS, EFST, EFS, EMS, ECS	.45 ACP, 9mm, .38 SUP,





	.40 S&#038;W





	1911-A1 Field	FS, MS, CS, EFST, EFS, EMS, ECS	EFST, EFS, EMS, ECS





	Daly HP	HP	9mm





	DDA 10-45	.45 ACP, 9mm, .38 SUP,





	.40 S&#038;W





	Field 1911-A1P	.45 ACP





	M-5	Daly M-5: Ultra-X, IPSC, Government, 	.45 ACP, 9mm, .40 S&#038;W





	Commander





	Charter 2000





	357 Pug	.357 Mag.





	Charter Arms/CHARCO

	Mag Pug &#038; Target Mag Pug	73520, 73521, 73540, 13520	.357 Mag.



Official Handgun Roster January 1, 2009





	Page 12 of 73





	Manufacturer	Model Name	Model Number	Caliber





	Patriot	73270, 73274	All Calibers





	Pink Lady	N/A	.38 SP





	Undercover Lite	53820	.38 SP





	Charter Arms/CHARCO INC.





	Bonnie	.32 H&#038;R





	Bulldog	.44 SPL





	Bulldog Pug	.44 SPL





	Bulldog Tracker	.357 MAG





	Clyde	.38 SP





	Explorer II&#038;SII	9228 &#038; 9228S	.22 LR





	Off Duty	.22 LR, .38 SPL





	Pathfinder	.22LR/MG





	Pit Bull	9mm





	Police Bulldog	.32 H&#038;R, .38 SPL, .44 SPL





	Police Undercov	.32 H&#038;RMG, .38 SPL





	Target Bulldog	.357 MAG, .44 SPL





	Undercover	.38 SP





	Chiappa Firearms





	Puma Bounty Hunter	.45 LC, .44 MAG, .44/40





	Winchester





	Chip McCormick Corp.





	1911A1 Frame	Forged Custom Grade	.45 ACP, .38 SUP, 9mm,





	.40 SW





	Frames	MCS-38 &#038; MCS-45	.38 Sup &#038; .45 ACP





	Chipmunk





	Silhouette	.22 LR





	Cimarron Arms





	Rich Mason Conv	1851 Navy 1860 Army	.38 SP, .44 Colt, .45





	Schofield	.44-40





	Cimarron Arms (Aldo Uberti)





	1872 Open Top	.38SP/CT,

	.44SP/CT/RUS, .45SCH



Official Handgun Roster January 1, 2009





	Page 13 of 73





	Manufacturer	Model Name	Model Number	Caliber





	1875 Remington	.357 MAG, .44 WCF, .45





	Colt





	1890 Remington	.357 MAG, .44 WCF, .45





	Colt





	Lightning	.22 LR, .32-20, .32 H+R





	Mag.





	Lightning	.38SP/CT,





	.44SP/CT/RUS, .45SCH





	P	.22 LR, .32 H+R Mag.





	P	.38 SP, .38 Colt, .44 Colt





	P Jr.	.22LR .38SP .38SW .32-





	20 .32SW





	P Jr.	.32 H+R Mag.





	Single Act. Arm	.22 LR, .357 MAG, .38





	WCF





	Single Act. Arm	.44 S&#038;WSP, .44 WCF,





	.45 Colt





	Single Act. Tar	.22 LR, .22 MAG, .357





	MAG





	Single Act. Tar	.38 WCF, .44 S&#038;WSP,





	.44 WCF





	Single Act. Tar	.45 Colt





	Single Act.Lg F	.44 MAG





	Colt/Colt&#8217;s Mfg. Co., Inc.





	.380 S&#8217;80 Govt.	All	.380 ACP





	1860 Army Black	Powder Conversion	.44 Colt





	1861 Navy Black	Powder Conversion	.38 LC





	22 Target	.22LR





	Agent	All	.38 SP





	Albany Tricente	G2261AT	.22 LR





	All Amer. 2000	All	9mm





	Anaconda	All	.44 MAG, .45 LC





	Boa	All	.357 MAG





	Cobra	All	.38 SP





	Colt 22	All as of 4/30/96	.22 LR

	Comb Cmndr S&#8217;80	All	.38 Sup, 9mm, .45 ACP

Official Handgun Roster January 1, 2009





	Page 14 of 73





	Manufacturer	Model Name	Model Number	Caliber





	Combat Elite	All	.40S&#038;W,10mm,.45





	ACP,.38 SUP





	Combat Stallion	O9848CS	.45 ACP





	Combat Target	All	.45 ACP





	Comm.Ltwt. S&#8217;80	All	.45 ACP





	Commanding Off.	O9186 OR O9046	.45 ACP





	Commando Spec.	All	.38 SP





	Cowboy	.45LC, .44MAG, .44-40,





	.357MAG





	Custom Comb. 10	O2011CC	10mm





	Custom Competit	9mm .40 S&#038;W .45 ACP





	.357 SIG





	Dbl. Eag. S&#8217;90	All	9MM.38 SUP.45





	ACP,10mm .40SW





	Defender	9mm .40 S&#038;W .45 ACP





	.357 SIG





	Delta 10	Series 80	10mm





	Delta Elite	All	10mm





	Delta Gold Cup	All	10mm





	Detective Spec.	All	.38 SP





	Diamondback	All	.22 LR, .38SP





	Doub. Dia. Offs	O1986	.45 ACP





	Doub. Dia. Pyth	I1986	.357 MAG





	DS-II	.38 SP





	El Dorado	O5138ED	.38 SUP





	El General	O2575	.38 SUP





	El Jeffe	O1070EJ	.38 SUP





	Elt Team Pistol	O2014	10mm





	Elt Team Pistol	O8014	.45 ACP





	Gold Cup Cmndr.	O4070, O4070GS	.45 ACP





	Gold Cup Cmndr.	O4870	.45 ACP





	Gold Cup El	O5245GCE	.45 ACP





	Gold Cup Elite	O5842	.40 S&#038;W

	Gold Cup Elt 40	05842GCE	.40 S&#038;W

Official Handgun Roster January 1, 2009





	Page 15 of 73





	Manufacturer	Model Name	Model Number	Caliber





	GoldCp MKIV S80	All	.45 ACP, .38SUP, 9mm





	Govt Pocketlite	All	.380 ACP





	Heirloom	.45 ACP





	King Cobra	All	.357 MAG





	Lawman MK V	All	.357 MAG





	Limited Class	01991LCM	.45 ACP





	M1991A1	.45 ACP





	Magnum Carry	.357 MAG





	Match 10 Pistol	O2010MT	10mm





	MKIV/S&#8217;80 Govt.	All	.38SUP, 9mm .45ACP





	.40S&#038;W .22LR





	Model 1991 A1	All	.45 ACP, 9mm





	Mustang	All	.380 ACP





	Mustang Pktlt.	All	.380 ACP





	Mustang Plus II	All	.380 ACP





	NCO Special Ed.	O9845NC	.45





	Night Defender	07000NDF	.45 ACP





	Night Officer II	.45 ACP





	Nite Lite	.380 ACP





	Officers Match	O50700M	.45





	Off&#8217;s ACP S&#8217;80	All	.45 ACP





	Peacekeeper	All	.357 MAG





	Pocket Nine	9mm





	Police Positive	.38SP





	Pony	.380 ACP





	Python	All	.357 MAG





	SAA	All	All





	SF-VI	.38 SP





	Silver Stallio	O9847SS	.45 ACP





	Snake Eyes	I3021SE &#038; I3620SE	.357 MAG





	Spc Ligtwgt Com	O4540LWC	.38 SUP





	Official Handgun Roster January 1, 2009





	Page 16 of 73





	Manufacturer	Model Name	Model Number	Caliber





	Special Edtns.	All with 1970 &#038; 1991	.45 ACP





	Super Stallion	O5240SS	.38 SUP





	Tank Officers C	O4616T0	.45 ACP





	Texas 150TH Pre	P2840TP	.45 LC





	Trooper MK V	All	.357 MAG





	Ultra Elt Gover	O6395UE	.380 GOVT





	Ultra Ten	O5012UT	10mm





	Whitetailer	V8385 &#038; AA3080WT	.357 MAG





	Comanche





	Comanche I	.22 LR





	Comanche II	.38 Spl.





	Comanche III	.357 Mag.





	Super Comanche	.45LC/.410 Gauge





	Competition Arms





	Competitor	Single Shot	All





	Coonan Arms





	A and B	.357 MAG





	Cadet	.357 MAG





	Daewoo





	DH-380	.380 ACP





	DH-40	.40 S&#038;W





	DP-51	9mm





	DP-52	.22 LR





	Dan Wesson





	22	.22 LR, .22 MAG





	357	.357 MAG, .357 MAX





	38	.38 SPL





	41	.41 MAG





	44	.44 MAG





	45	.45 LC





	32/732	32/732	.32 MAG





	Official Handgun Roster January 1, 2009





	Page 17 of 73





	Manufacturer	Model Name	Model Number	Caliber





	375 Super Mag	375	375 S.MG.





	445/7445	445/7445	445 SUP MG





	Patriot CL Bobtail	.45 ACP





	Dan Wesson Firearms/NYI





	Compensated Ser	All	.357, .41, .44, .45, .460





	Row.





	Compensated Ser	All	.357++ .357SM .414SM





	.445SM





	Large Frame Ser	All	.41, .44, .45, .357++, .460





	Pointman	All	.45 ACP





	Small Frame Ser	All	.22LR/MAG .32 .32-20 .38





	 .357





	Stnd Silhouette	All	.22LR, .357++, .41M,





	Stnd Silhouette	All	.357SM, .414SM, .445SM





	Super Ram Sil.	All	.22LR, .41, .44, .357++





	Super Ram Sil.	All	.414SM, .445SM, .357SM





	SuperMag Frame	All	.357SM, .414SM, .445SM





	Davis Industries





	P-32	.32 ACP





	P-380	.380 ACP





	Detonics





	9-11-01	.45 ACP, .38 Super





	Combat Master	MARK V	.38 SUP, .45 ACP, 9mm





	Combat Master	MARK VI	.38 SUP, .45 ACP, 9mm





	Combat Master	MARK VII	.38 SUP, .45 ACP, 9mm





	Combat Master	MC-1	.38 SUP, .45 ACP, 9mm





	Combat Master	MC-2	.38 SUP, .45 ACP, 9mm





	CombatMaster	.45 ACP, .40 S&#038;W, .357





	Sig, .38 Super, 9mm





	Compmaster	.45 ACP





	Janus Scoremast	.45 ACP, .451 MAG





	Ladies Escort	.45 ACP

	Pocket 380	.380



Official Handgun Roster January 1, 2009





	Page 18 of 73





	Manufacturer	Model Name	Model Number	Caliber





	Pocket 9	9mm





	Pocket 9 L S	9mm





	Power 9	9mm





	Scoremaster	.45 ACP, .451 MAG





	Servicemaster	.45 ACP





	StreetMaster	.45 ACP





	Dilo Svratouch, Gottwaldovo





	Drulov 75 F.P.	.22 LR





	Dlask





	DAC 394	9mm





	D-Max





	Sidewinder	L-5	.375 Win





	D-Technik





	Skorpion	VZ61	.32 ACP





	E.A. Brown Mfg.





	Sing. Shot Pist	All	All





	E.A.A./F. Tanfoglio





	Bounty Hunter	EASAB &#038; EASAC	.22LR/MAG





	Bounty Hunter	EASAM B/C/6	.22LR/MAG





	Bounty Hunter	EASAM B6/C6	.22LR/MAG





	Bounty Hunter	EASAMB9	.22LR/MAG





	Bounty Hunter	EASAMBR6	.22LR/MAG





	Carry Comp.	9mm, .40S&#038;W





	European	EA 22 T	.22 LR





	European	EA 22B, EA 22C	.22 LR





	European	EA 32B, EA 32C	.32 ACP





	European	EA 380 DAB/C/BC	.380 ACP





	European	EA 380B, EA 380C	.380 ACP





	FAB-92LB	9mm, .40 S&#038;W, .45 ACP





	Witness	9X21, .38 SUP, 10mm,





	.22LR





	Witness	EA10	10mm





	Official Handgun Roster January 1, 2009





	Page 19 of 73





	Manufacturer	Model Name	Model Number	Caliber





	Witness	EA38	.38 SUP





	Witness	EA40 B/C/BC/SS	.40 S&#038;W





	Witness	EA40 LB/LC/LBC/LSS	.40 S&#038;W





	Witness	EA40 Ported	.40 S&#038;W





	Witness	EA41 B/C/BC/SS	.41 AE





	Witness	EA41 LB/LC/LBC/LSS	.41 AE





	Witness	EA41 Ported	.41 AE





	Witness	EA45 B/C/BC/SS	.45 ACP





	Witness	EA45 LB/LC/LBC/LSS	.45 ACP





	Witness	EA45 Ported	.45 ACP





	Witness	EA9 B/C/BC/SS	9mm





	Witness	EA9 LB/LC/LBC/LSS	9mm





	Witness	EA9 Ported	9mm





	Witness FAB 92	9mm, .45 ACP, .40 S&#038;W





	Witness Frames	**(See notes on last page)





	Witness P	9mm .40 S&#038;W .45 ACP





	.357 SIG





	Witness Sport	9mm, .41AE, .40S&#038;W,





	.45ACP





	Witness Sport	9X21, .38 SUP, 10mm,





	.22LR





	Witness Sprt/LS	9mm,.41AE,.40S&#038;W,.45A





	CP,9X21





	Witness Sprt/LS	9X21,.38 SUP, 10mm,





	.22LR





	Wtns Gold Team	.38 SUP, 10mm, .22LR





	Wtns Gold Team	9mm,.41AE,.40S&#038;W,.45A





	CP,9X21





	Wtns LTD/UNLTD	9mm, .41 AE, .40 S&#038;W,





	.45 ACP





	Wtns LTD/UNLTD	9X21, .38 SUP, 10mm,





	.22LR





	Wtns Slvr Team	.38 SUP, 10mm, .22LR





	Wtns Slvr Team	9mm,.41AE,.40S&#038;W,.45A

	CP,9X21



Official Handgun Roster January 1, 2009





	Page 20 of 73





	Manufacturer	Model Name	Model Number	Caliber





	Wtns Sprt LSP	9X21, .38 SUP, 10mm,





	.22LR





	E.A.A./Hermann Weihrauch





	Big    Bore	Bounty    Hunter	.357 MAG, .41 MAG, .44





	MAG





	Big    Bore	Bounty    Hunter	.44/40, .45 LC





	Windicator	.357 MAG





	E.M.F. (Alder-Jager)





	Dakota     and	Dakota Bisley	.22 LR, .32-20, .357 MAG





	Dakota     and	Dakota Bisley	.38-40, .44 SPL, .44-40,





	.45LC





	E.M.F. (Aldo Uberti)





	1875 Remington	.357 MAG, .44-40, .45 LC





	1890 Remington	.357 MAG, .44-40, .45 LC





	Hartford Premier I&#038;II	.45 LC, 32/20, 38/40,





	44/40, .357





	E.M.F. (San Marco)





	New Hartford	.22 LR, .32-20, .357 MAG





	New Hartford	.38-40, .44 SPL, .44-40,





	.45LC





	New Mod. Dakota	.22 LR, .32-20, .357 MAG





	New Mod. Dakota	.38-40, .44 SPL, .44-40,





	.45LC





	Ed Brown Products





	California Kobra Carry	KC-SS-CAL	.45 ACP





	Classic Custom	C-BB,C-SB,C-SS	.45 ACP





	Executive Carry	EC-BB,EC-BB-A,EC-SB,EC-SB-A,EC-	.45 ACP





	SS,EC-SS-A





	Executive Elite	E-BB,E-BB-A,E-SB, E-SB-A,E-SS,E-SS&#8211;A	.45 ACP





	Kobra	K-BB,K-BB-A,K-SB,K-SB-A,K-SS,K-SS-A	.45 ACP





	Kobra Carry	KC-BB,KC-BB-A,KC-SB,KC-SB-A,KC-	.45 ACP





	SS,KC-SS-A





	El Dorado Arms Inc.





	El Dorado	.22 LR, .357 MAG, .357





	MAX





	El Dorado	.375 SMAG, .41 MAG,

	.44 MAG



Official Handgun Roster January 1, 2009





	Page 21 of 73





	Manufacturer	Model Name	Model Number	Caliber





	El Dorado	.45 LC





	Enterprise Arms, Inc.





	Elite P325	.45 ACP





	Frame Kit	Govt, Cmndr, Officer	**





	Tactical P325	.45 ACP





	Titleist P500	.45 ACP, .40 S&#038;W





	Trnmnt. Shooter	.45 ACP





	Erma-Werke





	772	.22 LR





	773	.32 S&#038;WL





	777	.357 Mag.





	EP 22	.22





	EP459	.380





	Erman KGP 69	.22 LR





	ESP-85A	.22 LR





	KGP 68, KGP 68A	.380 ACP





	KGP 68A (PO-8)	.380 ACP, .32 ACP, .22 LR





	KGP 69	.22 LR





	Mini PO8	.380





	P08	.22 LR





	PK22	.22





	Erma-Werke GMBH





	EP380	.380 ACP





	Essex





	1911A1 Receiver	** (See note on last page)





	Commander Rec.	** (See note on last page)





	Excam/Targa





	GT 22B/C/T	.22 LR





	GT 32B/C	.32 ACP





	GT 380B/BE/C,	GT380CE/XE	.380 ACP

	RX &#8211; 38	.38 Sp.



Official Handgun Roster January 1, 2009





	Page 22 of 73





	Manufacturer	Model Name	Model Number	Caliber





	Excel Arms





	Accelerator	MP 17	 .22 MAG, 17 HMR





	Accu-Tek	HC-380	.380 ACP





	F LLI Pietta





	Great Western II	1873 Californian	.357 Mag., .44/40, .45 Colt





	F. Lle Pietta





	Liberty 1873	.357 MAG,.44-40,.44





	MAG,.45LC





	F. Tanfoglio





	AT 84DA	9mm





	AT 88	9mm





	E 15MB/C	.22





	E 32	.32





	E 380B/C	.380





	GT 22	.22





	TA 226M	.22





	TA 380	.380





	TA 76, TA76M	.22





	TA 90	9mm





	TA 90 Baby	9mm





	TZ 5B/C	9mm





	TZ 75B/C	9mm





	F.A.P.A.





	M87 Tala	.22





	F.A.S.





	OP 601	.22S





	SP 602	.22 LR





	F.E.G.





	40 RZ	.40 S&#038;W





	AP9 (PA63)	.380





	B9R	.380 ACP

	Firebird T/58	9mm



Official Handgun Roster January 1, 2009





	Page 23 of 73





	Manufacturer	Model Name	Model Number	Caliber





	FP9	9mm





	GKK45	.45 ACP





	GKK-92C	9mm





	Mark II AP22	.22 LR





	MarkII-APK &#038; AP	.380 ACP





	MBK-9HP	GR 1031	9mm





	MBK-9HP Compact	P-9RC	9mm





	Model 74	7.65mm





	P9M	9mm





	P9R	9mm





	P9RK	9mm





	PA 63	.380, 9mm Makarov





	PJK-9HP	GR 1066	9mm Para





	PMK-380	GR 1007	.380 ACP





	PPH	.380 ACP





	R-61	.380





	R-9	9mm





	SMC-22	.22 LR





	SMC-380	.380 ACP





	T-58	9mm &#038; 7.62 Tokarev





	F.I.E.





	Cowboy	CWB3, CWB6	.22 LR





	Cowboy	CWMB3, CWMB6	.22CMBO.





	Gold Rush	GRMS3	.22CMBO.





	Gold Rush	GRMS4, GRMS6	.22CMBO.





	Gold Rush	GRS3, GRS4, GRS6	.22 LR





	Little Ranger	TEX22B3, TEX22MB3	.22 LR, .22CMBO





	SSP	SSP	.380 ACP





	Standard	S22B2, S22MB2	.22 LR, .22WMR





	Standard	S32B2	.32 H&#038;R





	Standard	S38B2	.38 SP.





	Official Handgun Roster January 1, 2009





	Page 24 of 73





	Manufacturer	Model Name	Model Number	Caliber





	Texas Ranger	TEX22B, TEX22B7	.22 LR





	Texas Ranger	TEX22B9	.22 LR





	Texas Ranger	TEX22MB	.22CMBO.





	Texas Ranger	TEX22MB7, TEX22MB9	.22CMBO.





	Titan 25	E28B/BG/C, E27B/BG/C	.25 ACP





	Titan 25	LADY 25	.25 ACP





	Titan II	E22B	.22 LR





	Titan Tiger	N38B2, N38B4	.38 SP





	F.I.E. Corp./CBC





	Silhouette Pist	722TP	.22 LR





	F.I.E. Corp./F. Tanfoglio





	Buffalo Scout	E15AT/B/C	.22 LR





	Buffalo Scout	E15MAT/MB/MC	.22COMBO





	Super Titan II	S380B	.380ACP





	Titan II	E380B/C	.380ACP





	TZ-75 Govt.	9mm





	TZ-75 Pistol	TZ41B/BC/C	.41AE DA





	TZ-75 Pistol	TZ9B/BC/C	9MM D.A.





	Yellow Rose	E15LTD/MGW	.22COMBO





	F.I.E. Corp./Hermann Weihrauch





	Golden Hombre	3575G, 3577G	.357 MAG





	Golden Hombre	445G, 447G	.44 MAG





	Golden Hombre	455G, 457G	.45 COLT





	Hombre	3575, 3577	.357 MAG





	Hombre	445, 447	.44 MAG





	Hombre	455, 457	.45 COLT





	Fabrica Armi Sportiv





	CF603	.32 S&#038;W





	Falcon Arms





	Portsider	.45 ACP





	Feather Industries, Inc.





	Official Handgun Roster January 1, 2009





	Page 25 of 73





	Manufacturer	Model Name	Model Number	Caliber





	Mini-AT	.22 LR





	Federal Ordnance, Inc.





	PSP-07 Combat C	GC-0955	10mm





	PSP-07 Combat C	GU-0916	.45 ACP





	Ranger 10	GU-0953	10mm





	Ranger Alpha	GU-0956 thru GU-0959	.45 ACP





	Ranger Alpha	GU-0960 thru GU-0963	10mm





	Ranger Alpha	GU-0964 thru GU-0967	.38 Sup





	Ranger Ambo	GU-0741	.45 ACP





	Ranger Ext	GU-0742	.45 ACP





	Ranger Frames	GU-0438, GU-0439	** (See Notes on last





	page)





	Ranger G.I.	GU-0740	.45 ACP





	Ranger Lite	GU-0952	.45 ACP





	Ranger Supercom	GU-0915	.45 ACP





	Ranger Supercom	GU-0980	10mm





	Rgr MKII L-Fram	GU-0179, GU-0180	.45 ACP





	Feinwerkbau





	AW-93, AW-93 Light, AW-93 	AW-93, AW-93 Light, AW-93 US	.22 LR, .32 S&#038;W
Long





	US





	Fiocchi Munizioni SP





	GPO Internation	.22 SHORT





	MP32 Internatio	.22 LR





	Standard Pistol	.22 LR





	Firearms International





	5000 Combat	.45ACP .38SUP .40S&#038;W





	.357 SIG





	Firestorm





	45 Gov&#8217;t, Mini-	Compact, Compact	.45 ACP





	Firestorm 380	.380 ACP





	Mini Firestorm	9mm, .40 S&#038;W





	FM

	Hi Pow, M95 Det	9mm, .40 S&#038;W, .45 ACP



Official Handgun Roster January 1, 2009





	Page 26 of 73





	Manufacturer	Model Name	Model Number	Caliber





	FM (Fab. Militar de Armas Por)





	Classic	9mm





	Detective	9mm





	Hi Pow Comp Det	9mm





	Hi-Power	90	9mm





	FN Herstal





	FNP-45	.45 ACP





	FNP-9, FNP-40	9mm, .40 S&#038;W





	BDA-9	9mm, .357 SIG, .40 S&#038;W





	BDAO	9mm, .357 SIG, .40 S&#038;W





	Five-Seven IOM	5.7 x 28mm





	Forty Nine Pist	9mm, .357 SIG, .40 S&#038;W





	Hi Power	DA, DAO, SA	9mm, .40 S&#038;W, .38 SUP





	Freedom Arms





	83	.50 AE





	83	.500 WE





	83	252 Sil., Varm Class	.22 LR/MAG





	83	353 Casull	.357 MAG/.38SP





	83	44 MAGNUM	.44 MAG/SP





	83	45	.45 LC/ACP/Win. Mag.





	83	454	.454 CAS





	83	654	.41 MAG





	83	83-Series 757	.50 AE, 475 Linebaugh





	97	.41 MAG, .32-





	20/H&#038;R/ACP .44 SP





	97	1997	.22 LR/MAG, .45 LC/ACP





	97	1997	.38SP, .357MAG, .44





	MAG, 44-40





	Fundulun (Ind. Argentina)





	P-22	P-22	.22 LR





	Fusion Firearms





	1911 Series 70 Frame	Gov; Commander; Officer





	Official Handgun Roster January 1, 2009





	Page 27 of 73





	Manufacturer	Model Name	Model Number	Caliber





	Gamba (Italy)





	Comp Mod Compct	SAB G91	9mm





	Competition Mod	SAB 90	9mm





	Mauser HSc	Mod. 80 (HSc Super)	.32/7.65





	Mauser HSc	Mod. 80 (HSc Super)	.380/9MMK





	Serv Mod Compct	SAB G91	9mm





	Service Model	SAB G90	9mm





	Gaucher





	GN1, Sil. Pist.	.22 LR





	GP	.22 LR





	German Sport Guns (GSG)





	GSG 5 Pistol	GSG 5 P; GSG 5 PK	.22 LR





	GSG 5 Pistol	GSG 5 P; GSG 5 PK	.22 LR





	Glock





	37	.45 GAP





	38	.45 GAP





	39	.45 GAP





	17, 17C	9mm





	17L	9mm





	19, 19C	9mm





	20 SF	10mm





	20, 20C	10mm





	21 SF MB	P72150202	.45 ACP





	21, 21C	.45 ACP





	22, 22C	.40 S&#038;W





	23 C	.40 S&#038;W





	23 Compact	.40 S&#038;W





	24	.40 S&#038;W





	26, 26C	9mm





	27, 27C	.40 S&#038;W





	29, 29C	10mm





	Official Handgun Roster January 1, 2009





	Page 28 of 73





	Manufacturer	Model Name	Model Number	Caliber





	29SF	10mm





	30 SF	.45 ACP





	30, 30C	.45 ACP





	31, 31C	.357 SIG





	32, 32C	.357 SIG





	33, 33C	.357 SIG





	34	9mm





	35	.40 S&#038;W





	36	.45 ACP





	Grendel





	P-12	.380 ACP





	Hammerli





	107	.22 LR





	150	.22 LR





	152	.22 LR





	208	.22 LR





	208 S	.22 LR





	212	.22 LR





	215	.22 LR





	P232	.22S





	SP-20	.22 LR, .32SWLWC





	Target Pistol	280	.22 LR, .32 S&#038;WL





	X-Esse	.22 LR





	Harrington &#038; Richardson





	504	.32 H&#038;R





	532	.32 H&#038;R





	586	.32 H&#038;R





	622 &#038; 623	.22 SLLR





	632 &#038; 633	.32 S&#038;WL





	649 &#038; 650	.22 LR, .22 MAG





	686	.22 LR, .22 MAG





	Official Handgun Roster January 1, 2009





	Page 29 of 73





	Manufacturer	Model Name	Model Number	Caliber





	732, 733	.32 S&#038;WL





	904	.22 LR





	922 Second Issue,923	.22 LR





	926	.22 LR, .38 S&#038;W





	929 &#038; 930	.22 LR





	939 Ultra	.22 LR





	949 &#038; 950	.22 SLLR





	976	.22 SLLR





	999 Second Issue	.22 LR





	Heckler &#038; Koch





	P2000SK	9mm, .357 SIG, .40 S&#038;W,





	 .45 ACP





	SP2000	9mm, .40 S&#038;W, .357 SIG,





	 .45 ACP





	4	9mm





	Expert	9mm, .40S&#038;W, .45ACP,





	.357 SIG





	HK 4	7.65





	HK 45 Compact	HK45C	.45 ACP





	HK45	.45 ACP





	MK23-USSOCOM	9mm, .40 S&#038;W, .45 ACP





	P10 Jubilee	9MM X 19





	P30	N/A	9mm





	P30L	N/A	9mm





	P4	.22





	P7	9mm





	P7K3	.22 LR, .380





	P7M10	M10	.40 S&#038;W





	P7M13	9mm





	P7M8	9mm





	USP	.357 SIG





	USP 40	.40 S&#038;W

	USP 45	.45 ACP



Official Handgun Roster January 1, 2009





	Page 30 of 73





	Manufacturer	Model Name	Model Number	Caliber





	USP 9	9mm





	USP Tact. Match	.45 ACP, .357 SIG, 9mm,





	.40S&#038;W





	USP-Compact	9mm,.40 S&#038;W,.45 ACP,





	.357 SIG





	VP 70Z	9mm





	Hege Jagd





	Sing. Act.	.357 MAG





	Helwan





	Brigadier	9mm





	Herbert Schmidt





	HS 21	.22





	HS 21S	.22 LR





	HS 38S	.38





	Sierra	.38





	Texas Scout	.22





	Heritage Mfg. Co.





	 Rough Rider Big Bore	RR45, RR357, RR4440	.357 Mag., .44-40, .45 Colt





	Rough Rider	All	.22 LR/.22 MAG, .17HMR





	Rough Rider	All	.22 LR/.22 MAG, .17HMR





	Rough Rider	All	.32 H&#038;R Mag, .32 S&#038;W





	Long, .32 S&#038;W Long Colt





	Hermann Weihrauch (Arminius)





	7228	.22





	ARM357	.357





	ARM445	.357





	ARM455	.45





	HW-357	.357





	HW384TB	.38





	HW386TB	.38





	HW38T	.38





	HW4T	.22, .32

	HW522TB	.22 LR



Official Handgun Roster January 1, 2009





	Page 31 of 73





	Manufacturer	Model Name	Model Number	Caliber





	HW532TB	.32 S&#038;W





	HW5T	.22, .32





	Hi Point Firearms





	40	.40 S&#038;W





	45	.45 ACP





	9MM	9mm





	CF	.380 ACP





	JS Series Comp.	9mm





	High Standard Man. Co., Inc.





	10X	.22 LR





	Citation II	.22 LR





	M1911A1	HSTX1911	.45 ACP





	Olympic ISU	.22 Short





	Sharpshooter	.22 LR





	Sport King	.22 LR





	Sup. Citation	.22 LR





	Sup. Trophy	.22 LR





	Tournament	.22 LR





	Victor	.22 LR





	HS





	HSC	HSC55	.22 LR





	HSK	HSK45	.22 LR





	HSO	HSO67	.22 LR





	HSS	HSS55	.22 LR





	HST	HST55	.22 LR





	HSV	HSV55	.22 LR





	Intrac





	HS2000	9mm, .40 S&#038;W, .357 SIG





	Intratec





	Skorpion	TEC-22	.22 LR





	Israel Arms Int., Inc.





	Official Handgun Roster January 1, 2009





	Page 32 of 73





	Manufacturer	Model Name	Model Number	Caliber





	M5000 &#038; M6000	9mm, .40 S&#038;W, .45 ACP





	Israel Military Indu





	Desert Eagle	.357 MAG, .44 MAG, .50





	MAG





	Desert Eagle	Baby	.45 ACP





	Desert Eagle	Baby	9mm, .40 S&#038;W, .41 AE





	Jericho 45FS	.45ACP





	Jericho 941	9MM/41AE





	Magnum	.41 MAG





	Magnum Massada	.357MAG, .41AE,





	.44MAG, .50AE





	Mini Massada	9mm, .40 S&#038;W, .45 ACP





	Ithaca





	50th Annivers.	1911A-1	.45 ACP





	J.G. Anschutz





	1416 P Unlimitd	.22LR/HRN





	1416 P XIV Unlm	.22LR/HRN





	Exemplar	.22 HRN, .22 LR





	Exemplar Left	.22LR/HRN





	Exemplar XIV	.22LR/HRN





	J.P. Sauer &#038; Sons





	6 Shooter	.22 M





	Chief Marshall	.357 MAG





	Deluxe	.357





	P-357	.357





	Western Marshal	.357





	JSL Ltd.





	Spitfire	9mm





	Kahr Arms





	CW40	.40 S&#038;W





	CW9	9mm





	KP45	.45 ACP





	Official Handgun Roster January 1, 2009





	Page 33 of 73





	Manufacturer	Model Name	Model Number	Caliber





	KT9, KT40	9mm, .40 S&#038;W





	PM40	.40 S&#038;W





	TP40, TP9, TP45	.40 S&#038;W, 9mm, .45 ACP





	CW 45	CW 4543	.45 ACP





	E9	9mm, .40 S&#038;W, .45 ACP





	K40	.40 S&#038;W





	K40 Covert	9mm, .40 S&#038;W





	K9	9mm





	KP40	.40 S&#038;W





	MK40	.40 S&#038;W





	MK9	9mm





	P380	KP3833	.380 ACP





	P-9 &#038; P-40	9mm, .40 S&#038;W





	PM 45	PM 4543	.45 ACP





	PM9	9mm





	Kelby&#8217;s Inc.





	Stolle Cub Pist	.222, .308 &#038; PPC





	Kel-Tec





	P3AT	.380





	PF9	9mm





	P-11	9mm





	P-40	.40 S&#038;W





	Kimber





	Comp Al Stnl	All	.40 S&#038;W, .45 ACP





	Comp Al Stnl II	All	.40 S&#038;W, .45 ACP





	Compact	All	.45 ACP, .40 S&#038;W





	Compact Carry	.45 ACP, .40 S&#038;W





	Compact CDP	.45 ACP





	Compact CDP II	All	.45 ACP





	Compact Custom	9mm .40 S&#038;W .45 ACP





	.357 SIG





	Compact II	All	.45 ACP





	Official Handgun Roster January 1, 2009





	Page 34 of 73





	Manufacturer	Model Name	Model Number	Caliber





	Compact Stnl	All	.40 S&#038;W, .45 ACP





	Compact Stnl II	All	.40 S&#038;W, .45 ACP





	Crown Custom II	Special Edition	.45 ACP





	Cust Eclipse II	All	.45 ACP





	Cust Target II	All	.45 ACP





	Custom	.45 ACP





	Custom CDP	All	.40 S&#038;W, .45 ACP





	Custom CDP II	All	.45ACP, .40 S&#038;W, .38





	Sup., 9mm, 10mm, .357





	Sig.





	Custom Crimson Carry II	.45 ACP





	Custom II	All	.45 ACP





	Custom Royal	.45 ACP





	Custom Stnless.	.45 ACP





	Custom Target	All	.45 ACP





	Desert Warrior	.45 ACP





	Eclipse Custom II	All	.45 ACP, .38 Sup., 9mm,





	.40 S&#038;W, 10mm, .357 Sig.





	Eclipse Pro II	All	.45 ACP, .40 S&#038;W, .38





	Sup., 9mm, 10mm, .357





	Sig.





	Eclipse Pro Target II	All	.45 ACP, .40 S&#038;W, .38





	Sup., 9mm, 10mm, .357





	Sig.





	Eclipse Target II	All	.45 ACP, .38 SUP, 9mm





	Eclipse Target II	All	.45 ACP, .38 SUP, 9mm





	Eclipse Ultra II	All	.45 ACP, .40 S&#038;W, .38





	Sup., 9mm, 10mm, .357





	Sig





	Elite Carry	.45 ACP





	Gld Comb Stn II	All	.45 ACP





	Gld Mat Stnl II	All	.45 ACP





	Gold Comb Stnl	All	.45 ACP





	Gold Combat	All	.45 ACP





	Gold Combat II	All	.45 ACP

	Gold Guardian	.45 ACP

Official Handgun Roster January 1, 2009





	Page 35 of 73





	Manufacturer	Model Name	Model Number	Caliber





	Gold Match	.45 ACP





	Gold Match II	All	.45 ACP





	Gold Match Stainless II	All	.45 ACP, .40 S&#038;W, .38





	Sup., 9mm, 10mm, .357





	Sig.





	Gold Match Ten II	All	.45 ACP, .40 S&#038;W, .38





	Sup., 9mm, 10mm, .357





	Sig.





	Gold Mtch Stnls	All	.38 SUP, 9mm, .40 S&#038;W,





	 .45 ACP





	Grand Raptor	.45 ACP





	Grand Raptor II	.44 ACP





	LTP II	All	.45 ACP, .38 Sup., .40





	S&#038;W, 9mm, 10mm, .357





	Sig.





	Ply ProCar Stnl	All	.45 ACP





	PlyStnl Gld Mat	All	.45 ACP





	Poly Gold Match	All	.38 SUP, 9mm, .40 S&#038;W,





	 .45 ACP





	Poly Stainless	All	.45 ACP





	Polymer	All	.45 ACP, .38 SUP, 9mm,





	.40 S&#038;W





	Polymer Custom	.45 ACP





	Polymer Pro Car	All	.45 ACP





	Predator	.221 FIRE, .223 REM,





	7MM TCU





	Pro Carry	All	.45 ACP, .40 S&#038;W





	Pro Carry HD	All	.45 ACP





	Pro Carry HD II	All	.38 Sup., 9mm, 10mm,





	.40 S&#038;W, .357 Sig, .45ACP





	Pro Carry HD II	All	.38 Sup., 9mm, 10mm,





	.40 S&#038;W, .357 Sig, .45ACP





	Pro Carry II	All	.45 ACP





	Pro Carry Ten II	All	.45 ACP, .40 S&#038;W, .38





	Sup., 9mm, 10mm, .357





	Sig.





	Pro CDP	.45 ACP





	Pro CDP II	All	.40 S&#038;W, .45 ACP





	Official Handgun Roster January 1, 2009





	Page 36 of 73





	Manufacturer	Model Name	Model Number	Caliber





	Pro Elite	.45 ACP





	Pro Raptor II	.45 ACP, 10mm, .38 Super





	Pro SLE	.45 ACP





	Pro Tactical II/Tactical Pro II	.45 ACP





	Pro Tactical II/Tactical Pro II	All	.40 S&#038;W, .38 Sup., 9mm,





	 10mm, .357 Sig.





	Pro TLE II	Pro TLE II	.45 ACP





	ProCar Stnls II	All	.40 S&#038;W, .45 ACP





	ProCarry Stnls	All	.40 S&#038;W, .45 ACP





	Raptor II	.45 ACP, 10mm, .38 Super





	Rimfire Target II	17M2	.22, .17 Mach2





	Royal Carry	.45 ACP





	Royal II	All	.45 ACP





	SIS Custom RL	.45 ACP





	SIS-PRO	.45 ACP





	Stainelss Target II	All	.38 Sup., 9mm, .40 S&#038;W,





	 10mm, .357 Sig., .22 LR





	Stainless	All	.17 HM2





	Stainless	All	.38 SUP, 9mm, .40 S&#038;W,





	 .45 ACP





	Stainless II	All	.40 S&#038;W, .38 Sup., 9mm,





	 10mm, .357 Sig., .22 LR





	Stainless II	All	.45 ACP





	Stainless Ten II	All	.45 ACP, .40 S&#038;W, .38





	Sup., 9mm, 10mm, .357





	Sig.





	StnGldMat SE II	All	.38 SUP, .45 ACP





	Stnless. Covert	.45 ACP





	Stnls Target II	All	.45 ACP





	Stnlss Target	All	.17 HM2





	Stnlss Target	All	.38 SUP, 9mm, .40 S&#038;W,





	 .45 ACP





	Super Match	.22 LR, .17 HM2





	Super Match	.45 ACP

	Super Match II	All	.45 ACP



Official Handgun Roster January 1, 2009





	Page 37 of 73





	Manufacturer	Model Name	Model Number	Caliber





	Tactical Custom II	All	.45 ACP, .40 S&#038;W, .38





	SUP., 9mm, 10mm, .357





	Sig.





	Target Match	.45 ACP





	Team Match II	.38 Super





	Team Match II	.45 ACP





	TLE II	.45 AP





	TLE II R	.45 ACP





	Ult Carry Stnls	All	.40 S&#038;W, .45 ACP





	UltCar Stnls II	All	.40 S&#038;W, .45 ACP





	Ultra	RCP II	.45 ACP





	Ultra Carry	All	.40 S&#038;W, .45 ACP





	Ultra Carry II	All	.45 ACP





	Ultra CDP	All	.40 S&#038;W, .45 ACP





	Ultra CDP II	All	.40 S&#038;W, .45 ACP





	Ultra Elite	All	.45 ACP





	Ultra Raptor	.45 ACP





	Ultra SP II	Special Edition	.45 ACP





	Ultra Tactical II	.45 ACP





	Ultra Tactical II	All	.40 S&#038;W, .38 Sup., 9mm,





	 10mm, .357 Sig.





	Ultra Ten II	All	.45 ACP





	US Team Match II	.45ACP





	Warrior	.45 ACP, 10mm, .38Super





	Korriphila GMBH





	HSP 701	.45 ACP, 9mm





	Korth GMBH





	1979	.32/357





	Combat	.357 MAG





	Semi-automatic	.357 Sig, .40 S&#038;W, 9mm,





	 9&#215;21





	Tactical	.45 ACP

	KSN Industries, Inc.



Official Handgun Roster January 1, 2009





	Page 38 of 73





	Manufacturer	Model Name	Model Number	Caliber





	Golan	9 MM &#038; .40 S&#038;W





	Kareen Compact	9mm





	Kareen MK II	9mm, .40 S&#038;W





	L.A.R.





	Grizzly	.357 MAG, .357/45, .45





	ACP





	Grizzly	.45 WM, 10mm





	Grizzly	G44M4	.44 MAG





	Grizzly 50	Mark V	.50 AE





	Laseraim Arms





	Series I	1015 -FS, AS, LS, US	10mm





	Series I	4513 -FS, LS	.45 ACP





	Series I	4515 -FS, AS, LS, US	.45 ACP





	Series II	1025 -FS, AS, LS, US	10mm





	Series II	4523 -FS	.45 ACP





	Series II	4525 -FS, AS, LS, US	.45 ACP





	Series III	1035 -FS, AS	10mm





	Series III	4535 -FS, AS, LS	.45 ACP





	Warthog	453WS, 403WS	.45 ACP, .40 S&#038;W





	Wild Weasel	405WS, 405WHS	.40 S&#038;W





	Wild Weasel	455WS, 455WHS	.45 ACP





	Les Baer Custom





	1911 S.R.P.	.45 ACP





	Baer Premier II	.45 ACP





	Baer S.R.P.	.45 ACP





	Bullseye Wadcut	.38 SUP, .45 ACP





	Concept I,II	.45 ACP





	Concept III,IV	.45 ACP





	Concept IX,X	.45 ACP





	Concept V,VI	.45 ACP





	Concept VII	.45 ACP





	Concept VIII	.45 ACP





	Official Handgun Roster January 1, 2009





	Page 39 of 73





	Manufacturer	Model Name	Model Number	Caliber





	Custom Carry	.45 ACP





	Monolith/Hvywt.	9mm, .40 S&#038;W, .38 SUP,





	 .45 ACP





	N.M. Hardball	.45 ACP





	Premier II	9mm, .40 S&#038;W, .38 AUP,





	 .45 ACP





	Premier II .400	.40 S&#038;W





	Premier II 6&#8243;	.45 ACP





	Prowler III	.45 ACP





	Prowler IV	.45 ACP, .38 SUP





	Stinger	9mm, .40 S&#038;W, .38 SUP,





	 .45 ACP





	Target Master	1911	.45 ACP





	Thunder Ranch	9mm, .40 S&#038;W, .38 SUP,





	 .45 ACP





	Ult Mast Combat	.45 ACP





	Ult. Mast. Para	.45 ACP





	Ultimate Master	9mm, .40 S&#038;W, .38 SUP,





	 .45 ACP





	UltMast Compen.	.45 ACP





	UltMast ParaLtd	.45 ACP





	X-treme Tactical Pistol	LBP2310/ETP	.45 ACP





	Llama





	111-A	.380 ACP





	Comanche III	.357 MAG





	Comp. Frm IXD	.45 ACP





	Comp. Frm MAX-I	.45 ACP





	IX-A	.45 ACP





	IX-B (Compact)	.45





	Lrg. Frm. IXC	.45 ACP





	Lrg. Frm. MAX-I	.45 ACP





	M-82	9MMP





	M-87	9mm

	Max II	.45 ACP, 9mm, 10mm

Official Handgun Roster January 1, 2009





	Page 40 of 73





	Manufacturer	Model Name	Model Number	Caliber





	MAX-I	.45 ACP





	MAX-I-Govt.	9mm, .45 ACP





	Micromax	.380 ACP





	Minimax 45,40,9	.45 ACP, .40 S&#038;W, 9mm





	Omni	9mm





	Super Comanche	.44 MAG





	VIII	.38 SUP





	X-A	.32 ACP





	XIB	9mm





	XII-B &#8211; 40DTC	.40 S&#038;W





	XV	.22 LR





	M.O.A.





	Maximum	All





	Maadi Co





	Helwan	9mm





	Magnum Research





	BFR	Little Max	.454 Cas, .45 LC, 22 H,





	.50 AE





	BFR	Maxine	.45 LC, .45-70, .444 Marlin





	BFR	N/A	.480 Ruger/.475





	Linebaugh, .460 S&#038;W,





	.450 Marlin, 30-30





	Winchester, .500 S&#038;W





	Desert Eagle	.357 MAG, .44 MAG, .50





	AE





	Lone Eagle	All





	Micro Desert Eagle	ME 380	.380 ACP





	Mountain Eagle	MEP 2201	.22 LR





	Picuda	ML-1722	.22 LR, .17 HMR





	Manchester Arms





	Comm. Mini-45	.45 ACP, 9mm





	Manurhin





	MR 22	.22

	MR 32	.32

Official Handgun Roster January 1, 2009





	Page 41 of 73





	Manufacturer	Model Name	Model Number	Caliber





	MR 73	.357





	P-1	9mm





	PP	.22 LR





	PPK/S	.22 LR, .32 ACP, .380 ACP





	Match Guns





	MG2	MG2	.22 LR





	Mateba





	6 Unica	.44 Remington Mag.





	Mauser





	80 SA	9mm





	90 Compact DA	9mm





	90 DA	9mm





	HSC	.32/7.65, .380/9MMK





	Metro Arms





	American Classic II &#8211; 1911 	1911 45ACII &#038; AC45G





	Government Model





	Mil, Inc.





	Thunder 5	.45LC/.410,9MM,38/357,.





	380.44M





	Mitchell Arms Inc.





	Am. Eag. Luger	P-08	9mm





	Army Model	.22LR, .357 MAG, .44





	MAG,.45LC





	Gold Series	Standard or Wide	.45 ACP





	HS Citation II	HSCITSS5/7	.22 LR





	HS Sharpshooter	II  &#8211; HSSHFSS5	.22 LR





	HS Sport KingII	HSKNGSS4/6	.22 LR





	HS Trophy II	HSTPHSS5/7	.22 LR





	HS Victor II	HSVIC 554/5/DTS/WRS	.22 LR





	HSOlympic ISUII	HSISUSS6	.22 SH





	Morini





	Single Shot	84E	.22 LR

	Navy Arms

Official Handgun Roster January 1, 2009





	Page 42 of 73





	Manufacturer	Model Name	Model Number	Caliber





	1875 Sch Cavlry	Deluxe, Engraved	.44-40, .45 Colt





	1875 Sch Hdout.	.44-40, .45 Colt





	1875 Sch WlsFrg	Deluxe, Engraved	.44-40, .45 Colt





	New Mod Russian	.44 Russian





	Schofield	.44-40





	New England Firearms





	Standard Revolv	R22-091 &#038; R22-001	.22 WIN





	Standard Revolv	R22-092 &#038; R22-002	.22 WIN





	Standard Revolv	R73-021 &#038; R73-022	.32 H&#038;R





	Standard Revolv	R73-031 &#038; R73-032	.32 H&#038;R





	Standard Revolv	R92-002	.22 LR





	Standard Revolv	R92-091 &#038; R92-001	.22 LR





	Standard Revolv	R92-092 &#038; R92-093	.22 LR





	Ultra Revolver	R22-094 &#038; R22-095	.22 WMR





	Ultra Revolver	R73-095 &#038; R73-094	.32 H&#038;R





	Ultra Revolver	R92-094 &#038; R92-095	.22 LR





	Nighthawk Custom





	Dominator	1911	.45 ACP, 9mm, 10mm,





	.40 S&#038;W, .357 Sig





	Enforcer	1911A1	.45ACP,9mm, 10mm, .38





	Super, .22LR, .40 S&#038;W





	Enforcer II	1911	.45 ACP, .40 S&#038;W,





	10mm, 9mm, .38 Super,





	.357 Sig, .22 LR





	GRP	1911	.45 ACP, .38 Super,





	10mm, .40 S&#038;W, 9mm





	GRP II	1911	.45 ACP, .38 Super,





	10mm, .40 S&#038;W, 9mm





	GRP Recon	1911	.45 ACP, .38 Super,





	10mm, .40 S&#038;W, 9mm





	Predator	.45ACP, .22LR, ,38





	Super, 9mm, 10mm, .40





	S&#038;W





	Predator II	1911	.45 ACP, .38 Super,





	10mm, .40 S&#038;W, 9mm





	Predator III	1911	.45 ACP, .40 S&#038;W,





	10mm, 9mm, .38 Super,

	.357 Sig,



Official Handgun Roster January 1, 2009





	Page 43 of 73





	Manufacturer	Model Name	Model Number	Caliber





	T 3	1911	.45 ACP, 9mm, 10mm,





	.40 S&#038;W, .357 Sig





	Talon II	1911	.45 ACP, .38 Super,





	10mm, .40 S&#038;W, 9mm





	Talon III	1911	.45 ACP, .38 Super,





	10mm, .40 S&#038;W, 9mm





	Talon IV	1911	.45 ACP, .40 S&#038;W,





	10mm, 9mm, .38 Super,





	.357 Sig, .22 LR





	Talon Recon Rail	.45 ACP, .22LR, .40





	S&#038;W, .38 Super, 10mm,





	Norinco





	1911-A1	.45





	77B	9mm





	M1911 Pistol	.45 ACP





	M-213	9MM





	Makarov 59	.380 ACP, 9X18





	Mini-NZ75 Pist.	9MM





	NP-15 &#038; NP-15A	9mm





	PS-01 Pistol	.22 LR





	Sportsman	M-93	.22 LR





	Tokarev 54-1	7.62&#215;25, 9mm





	Type NZ75 Pist.	9mm





	Norinco &#8211; Navy Arms





	TT Olympia	WOP022	.22 LR





	North American Arms





	Guardian	.32 ACP, .380 ACP,





	.25NAA, .32NAA





	Guardian	.32 ACP, .380 ACP,





	.25NAA, .32NAA





	Nowlin Mfg.





	7 X Excaliber	(a.k.a. Dominator)	9mm, .38 SUP, 9X23





	Carry	9mm, .40 S&#038;W, .45 ACP,





	 9X23





	Challenger	9mm .38S 9X23 .40S&#038;W

	.45ACP



Official Handgun Roster January 1, 2009





	Page 44 of 73





	Manufacturer	Model Name	Model Number	Caliber





	Crusader	9mm .38S 9X23 .40SW





	.45ACP





	Match Classic	9mm .38S 9X23 .40S&#038;W





	.45ACP





	Match Master	.38 SUP, 9X23, .45 ACP





	Mickey Fowler	.45 ACP





	World Cup PPC	All





	Olympic Arms





	Wolverine	.22 LR





	Ordnance Technology





	SSP-91	All





	Pachmayr





	Dominator	All





	Pacific Arms Corp





	Frame	1911A1	.45 ACP





	Para-Ordnance





	1911 SSP	.45 ACP





	7.45 LDA	.45 ACP





	CCW	.45 ACP, 9mm, .40 S&#038;W





	F14-45 or F16-45GR	** (See Notes on last





	page)





	LTC	.45 ACP, 9mm, .40 S&#038;W





	OPS	.45 ACP, 9mm, .40 S&#038;W





	P10 Series	.45 ACP, .40 S&#038;W





	P12-45 Series	.45 ACP





	P12-LDA	.45 ACP, .40 S&#038;W, 9mm





	P13-45 Series	.45 ACP





	P14.45 LDA	.45 ACP





	P14-10,10C,10S	10mm





	P14-40 Series	.40 S&#038;W





	P14-45 Series	.45 ACP





	P15-10,10C,10S	10mm





	P15-40 Series	.40 S&#038;W





	Official Handgun Roster January 1, 2009





	Page 45 of 73





	Manufacturer	Model Name	Model Number	Caliber





	P16-10,10C,10S	10mm





	P16-40 Series	.40 S&#038;W





	PX938S	.38 Super





	Tac-S	.45 ACP, 9mm, .40 S&#038;W





	Black Watch SSP &#038; Companion	.45 ACP, 9mm, .40 S&#038;W





	Carry	.45 ACP, 9mm, .40 S&#038;W





	Carry 12	.45 ACP, 9mm, .40 S&#038;W





	Carry 9	CWX79R	9mm





	Colonel	.45 ACP, 9mm, .40 S&#038;W





	Companion Carry Option	CCO	.45 ACP, 9mm, .40 S&#038;W





	D1640LDA	.40 S&#038;W





	Hawg 9	WHX129R	9mm





	Hi-Cap, Hi-Cap Limited	.45 ACP, 9mm, .40 S&#038;W





	P18 P10 D18 T18	All	9mm





	Para Carry	C6.45LDA	9mm, .40 S&#038;W, .45 ACP





	Para Companion	C7.45LDA	9mm, .40 S&#038;W, .45 ACP





	Stealth Carry	.45 ACP, 9mm, .40 S&#038;W





	Stealth Hi-Cap	.45 ACP, 9mm, .40 S&#038;W





	Stealth Limited, Limited	.45 ACP, 9mm, .40 S&#038;W





	Stealth P14-45	rename # 1100





	Tac-Four, Spec Ops Tac-Four	.45 ACP, 9mm, .40 S&#038;W





	Warthog	rename #1169





	Pardini Armi





	 GT45, GT45S, PC45, PC45S	.45 ACP





	GPO Internation	.22 S





	GPS	.22 S





	MP32	.32 SWL





	SP &#038; HP	.22 LR, .32L





	Peter Stahl GMBH





	M1911	.45, 10mm, 9mm





	Phelps





	Official Handgun Roster January 1, 2009





	Page 46 of 73





	Manufacturer	Model Name	Model Number	Caliber





	Eagle I	.44





	Heritage I	.45-70





	Phillips &#038; Rodgers





	Medusa 47	.38, .357, 9mm





	Phoenix Arms





	HP-22	.22 LR





	Precision Small Arms





	Precision PSA 25	GR4000	.25 ACP





	Quality Firearms, Inc.





	SO38B2/SO38B4	.38 Sp.





	SAA Western Ranger	.22 LR





	Radom





	MAG 95	9mm





	P-83	9mm





	RAM-LINE, Inc.





	Exactor	RPR 2215	.22 LR





	Exactor-Target	RPT 2238	.22 LR





	Randall





	Combat .45	.45 ACP





	Raider/Service	.45 ACP, 9mm





	Service Model	A-111	.45 ACP





	Remington Arms Co., Inc.





	XP100	All





	XP-100 Custom	All





	XP-100R KS	All





	Republic Arms of South Africa





	RAP 401	9mm, .40 S&#038;W





	RAP 440	9mm .40 S&#038;W .45 ACP





	.357 SIG





	Republic Arms, Inc.





	Patriot	.45 ACP





	Rexio





	Official Handgun Roster January 1, 2009





	Page 47 of 73





	Manufacturer	Model Name	Model Number	Caliber





	RJ-38	.38 Spl.





	Pucara 226	.22 LR





	Pucara 324	.32 SWL





	Pucara 326	.32 SWL





	Pucara 384	.38 SP





	Rock Island Armory





	Governmnt, Commander, 	1911A1	.45 ACP, .38 SUP, 9mm





	Officers





	Hi-cap Government	1911A1	.45 ACP





	Rock River Arms Inc.





	Basic Ltd Match	9mm, .38SUP, .40 S&#038;W,





	.45 ACP





	Bullseye Wadcut	.45 ACP





	Frame	**





	Ltd. Match	9mm, .38SUP, .40 S&#038;W,





	.45 ACP





	Nat Match Steel	9X23, .38SUP, .40S&#038;W,





	.45ACP





	Nat Mtch Hrdbll	.45 ACP





	Standard Match	9mm, .38SUP, .40 S&#038;W,





	.45 ACP





	Ult Mtch Achiev	9X23, .38 SUP, .40S&#038;W,





	.45ACP





	Rohrbaugh Firearms





	R9, 380	R9, 380	9mm, .380





	RPM or Rock Pist. Man. Inc.





	Merrill Sportsm	All





	XL Pistol	All





	S R L Adler





	Revolver	.357 Mag.





	Single Action	.45 LC





	S.A.M.





	1911	Std, BT(HS,Com), Com	.45 ACP





	Safari Arms

	Enforcer	SA AL356 E (ALUM.)	.45 ACP



Official Handgun Roster January 1, 2009





	Page 48 of 73





	Manufacturer	Model Name	Model Number	Caliber





	Enforcer	SA17-4E (STAINLESS)	.45 ACP





	Enforcer	SA20D, SA20E	.45 ACP





	Enforcer	SA60A, SA60B, SA60C	.45 ACP





	Enforcer	SA8630 E (STEEL)	.45 ACP





	Enforcer	Short Grip SA20C	.45 ACP





	Matchmaster	SA 17-4M (SS)	.45 ACP





	Matchmaster	SA AL356 M (ALUM.)	.45 ACP





	Matchmaster	SA8630 M (STEEL)	.45 ACP





	Matchmaster Frm	SA20, SA20A, SA20B	** (See Notes on last





	page)





	Matchmaster Frm	SA32SS (SS KIT)	** (See Notes on last





	page)





	Matchmaster Frm	SA348630 (STL. KIT)	** (See Notes on last





	page)





	Sardius or Sirkis





	SD9	9mm





	Savage Arms





	Striker	.17 HMR





	Striker	.22 LR/MAG





	Striker	.22-250 .243 .308 WIN





	.223 REM





	Seecamp





	LWS-.32	.32 ACP





	LWS380	LWS380	.380





	Sig Sauer/Sigarms Inc.





	220R	.45 ACP





	P-210 (1,2,5,6)	.22 LR, 7.65mm, 9mm





	P-220	.22 LR





	P-220	.38 SUP, .45 ACP, 9mm





	P-225	9mm





	P-226, P-226 Jubilee	.22 LR





	P-226, P-226 Jubilee	9mm, .40 S&#038;W, .357 SIG

	P-228	9mm



Official Handgun Roster January 1, 2009





	Page 49 of 73





	Manufacturer	Model Name	Model Number	Caliber





	P-229	.22 LR





	P-229	.357 SIG, 9MM, .40 S&#038;W





	P-229S	9mm, .40 S&#038;W, .357 SIG





	P-230	.380 ACP





	P-232	.380 ACP, .32 ACP





	P-239	9mm, .357 SIG, .40 S&#038;W





	P-245	.45 ACP, .40 S&#038;W





	P250 C , P250, P250 Sub-compact	9mm, .40 S&#038;W, .357 SIG,





	 .45 ACP





	Sig Pro SP2009	9mm, .40 S&#038;W, .357 SIG





	Sig Pro SP2340	.40 S&#038;W, 9mm, .357 SIG





	Trailside	.22 LR





	GSR 1911	1911	.45 ACP





	Mauser M2	9mm, .40S&#038;W, .357 SIG,





	.45 ACP





	Mosquito	.22 LR





	Sig Pro	SP2022	9mm, .357 Sig, .40 S&#038;W





	Skyy Industries





	CPX-1	9mm





	Smith &#038; Wesson





	042	.38 SP





	0845	.45 ACP





	10	.38 SP





	1006,1026,1046,1086	10mm





	1066(NS), 1076(NS)	10mm





	12	.38 SP





	13	.357/.38





	14	.38 SP





	15	.38 SP





	16	.32 Mag.





	17	.22 LR





	18 (22 Comb. Mast.)	.22 LR





	Official Handgun Roster January 1, 2009





	Page 50 of 73





	Manufacturer	Model Name	Model Number	Caliber





	19	.357/.38





	1911, SW1911DK	.38 Super





	1911, SW1911DK	.45ACP





	1911SC	.45 ACP





	21	.44 Spl





	2206	.22 LR





	2213, 2214	.22 LR





	24	.44 SP





	242	.38 SP+P





	27	.357/.38





	28 (Hwy. Patrol.)	.357 Mag.





	296	.44 S&#038;W SP





	31	.22 LR, .32 S&#038;W





	317	.22 LR





	317 LS	.22LR/MAG





	325	.45 ACP





	327	.357 Mag.





	327 M&#038;P	.357 Mag.





	329PD	.44 Mag.





	331	.32 H&#038;R





	332	.32 H&#038;R





	337	.38 SP+P





	337 PD	.38 SP





	34	.22 LR, .32 CAL





	342	.38 SP+P





	342 PD	.38 SP





	351PD	.22 Mag





	357PD	.41 Mag.





	36	.38 SP





	360SC	.357 Mag





	36LS	.38 SP





	Official Handgun Roster January 1, 2009





	Page 51 of 73





	Manufacturer	Model Name	Model Number	Caliber





	37	.38 SP





	38	.38 SP





	386 Sc/S	.357 Mag.





	3904, 3906	9mm





	3913, 3914, 3913 TSW	9mm





	3913LS, 3914LS	9mm





	3913-NL, 3914-NL	9mm





	3953, 3954, 3953 TSW	9mm





	40	.38 S&#038;W Special





	4003 &#038; 4004	.40 S&#038;W





	4006, 4026, 4046	.40 S&#038;W





	4013 &#038; 4014	.40 S&#038;W





	4043 &#038; 4044	.40 S&#038;W





	4046 TSW	.40 S&#038;W





	4053, 4054, 4053 TSW	.40 S&#038;W





	41	.22 LR





	410	.40 S&#038;W





	410S	.40 S&#038;W





	411	.40 S&#038;W





	42	.38 Sp.





	422	.22 LR





	431	.32 H&#038;R Magnum





	432	.32 H&#038;R Magnum





	439	9mm





	4421	.38 SP





	4505, 4506	.45 ACP





	4513 TSW	.45 ACP





	4516	.45 ACP





	4526	.45





	4536	.45 ACP





	4546	.45





	Official Handgun Roster January 1, 2009





	Page 52 of 73





	Manufacturer	Model Name	Model Number	Caliber





	4553 TSW	.45 ACP





	4556	.45 ACP





	4566 FS	.45 ACP





	4567	.45 ACP





	457	.45 ACP





	4576	.45 ACP





	457S	.45 ACP





	4586	.45 ACP





	459	9mm





	4596	.45 ACP





	460	.38 SP





	460 XVR	.460 S&#038;W Mag.





	469	9mm





	4690 &#038; 4691	9mm





	48 (K-22 Mast. MRF)	.22 MRF





	49	.38 SP





	500	.500 S&#038;W Mag.





	520	.357 Mag.





	52-2	.38 SP





	544	.44-40





	547-M	9mm





	57	.41 Mag.





	581	.357 Mag.





	586	.357/.38





	5903, 5904, 5906	9mm





	5905	9mm





	5906 Sp. Edition	9mm





	5924 &#038; 5926	9mm





	5943, 5943SSV	9mm





	5944 &#038; 5946	9mm





	5967	9mm





	Official Handgun Roster January 1, 2009





	Page 53 of 73





	Manufacturer	Model Name	Model Number	Caliber





	60	.357 Mag., .38 SP





	60	.38 SP





	60LS	.38 SP, .357 Mag.





	610	10mm





	617	.22 LR





	619	.357 Mag





	620	.357 Mag





	622, 622 VR	.22 LR





	624	.44 SP





	627	.357 Mag.





	629 Classic DX	.44 Mag.





	629 Hunter	.44 Mag.





	629 Mag Comp	.44 Mag.





	629 or 629 Classic	.44 Mag.





	63	.22 LR, .32 S&#038;W





	631, 631-LS	.32 H&#038;R





	632 (Centennial)	.32 H&#038;R





	637	.38 SP





	638	.38 SP





	639	9mm





	64	.38 SP





	640	.38 SP





	640 (Carry Comp)	.38 SP





	642 (Centennial)	.38 SP





	642 Lady Smith	.38 SP





	645	.45 ACP





	6450, 6451, &#038; 6452	.45 ACP





	646	.40 S&#038;W





	647	.17HMR





	648	.22 Mag.





	649	.357 Mag., .38 SP





	Official Handgun Roster January 1, 2009





	Page 54 of 73





	Manufacturer	Model Name	Model Number	Caliber





	65	.357/.38SP





	65 Lady Smith	.357/.38SP





	650 (Serv. Kit Gun)	.22MRF/LR





	651 (Serv. Kit Gun)	.22MAG/LR





	657	.41 Mag.





	659	9mm





	6590, 6591 &#038; 6592	9mm





	66	.357/.38





	6685	.357MAG/.38 SP





	669	9mm





	6690 &#038; 6691	9mm





	67	.38 SP





	68	.38 SP





	681	.357 Mag.





	686 Mag Comp	.357 Mag.





	686, 686 Carry Comp	.357 Mag.





	6904 &#038; 6906	9mm





	6924 &#038; 6926	9mm





	6944 &#038; 6946	9mm





	696	.44 SP





	745	.45 ACP





	908	9mm





	908S	9mm





	909	9mm





	910	9mm





	910S	9mm





	915	9mm





	940 (Centennial)	9mm





	945	.45 ACP





	952	9mm, .40 S&#038;W, .357 SIG





	M&#038;P	.45 ACP





	Official Handgun Roster January 1, 2009





	Page 55 of 73





	Manufacturer	Model Name	Model Number	Caliber





	M&#038;P	9mm, .40 S&#038;W, .357 Sig





	M&#038;P 340	.357 Mag.





	M&#038;P 360	.357 Mag.





	M&#038;P40C, M&#038;P9C, M&#038;P357C	.40 S&#038;W, 9mm, .357 Sig





	SW99	.45 ACP





	SW99 Compact	.45 ACP, 9mm, .40 Cal.





	SW990L	.45 ACP, 9mm, .40 S&#038;W





	#3 Schofield	.45 Schofield, .45 S&#038;W





	.357 MAG K-Comp	.357 Mag.





	22A, 22S	Target or Sport	.22 LR





	25	All as of 4/30/96	.45 COLT





	29	All as of 4/30/96	.44 Mag.





	38 Super 8-Shot	627	.38 SUP





	40 Tactical	4003, 4043, 4006	.40 S&#038;W





	45 Tactical	4566 4563 4583 4586	.45 ACP





	625	All as of 4/30/96	.45 ACP





	629 Backpacker	.44 Mag.





	686	Competitor, Hunter	.357 Mag.





	9 Tactical	5903, 5906, 5946	9mm





	Air Lite SC	340S,340P,360S	.357 Mag.





	Airlite PD	325 PD	.45 ACP





	Airlite PD	386P	.357 Mag.





	Airlite SC Mt L	.357 MAG	.357 Mag.





	Airwt. Cent.	442	.38 SP





	Centennial	640-1	.357/.38SP





	Chiefs&#8217; Special	CS9, CS45, CS40	9mm, .45 ACP, .40 S&#038;W





	Clas Power Port	629	.44 Mag.





	Dist Comb Mag +	686	.357 Mag.





	Mountain Lite	396, 3960	.44 SP





	N/A	315	.38 S&#038;W Special





	N/A	396	.44 SP





	Official Handgun Roster January 1, 2009





	Page 56 of 73





	Manufacturer	Model Name	Model Number	Caliber





	PC 60 Car. Comp	60	.38 SP





	PC 651	651	.22 Mag.





	PC 66-F Comp.	66	.357 Mag.





	PC Shorty 45	.45 ACP





	Perf Cent Comp.	.356 TSW, 9mm, .40





	Perf. Cent. 356	.356 TC, .356 TSW	.356 TSW





	Perf. Center 9	PC9 Compact	9mm





	Performance Center	686-7	.38 Sup.





	Shorty Forty	.40 S&#038;W





	Sigma Compact	C or V	.40 S&#038;W, 9mm





	Sigma SW357	.357 SIG





	Sigma SW380	.380 ACP





	Sigma SW40F	.40 S&#038;W





	Sigma SW9/40	E, VE, GVE	9mm, .40 S&#038;W





	Sigma SW9/40	E, VE, GVE	GVE





	Sigma SW9F	9mm





	Sigma SW9M	9mm





	Super 9	9X19, 9X21, .356 TSW





	SW 99	9mm, .357 SIG, .40 S&#038;W





	SW9P, SW40P	9mm, .40 S&#038;W





	Tactical	45, 9, 40	.45 ACP, 9mm, .40 S&#038;W





	Tactical S&#038;W	4013TSW	.40 S&#038;W





	Thunder Ranch	22	.45 ACP





	Solothurn





	AT84DA	9mm





	AT88	9mm





	Sphinx





	AT .380	.380 ACP





	AT-2000 SDA/PDA/HDA	9mm/41AE





	AT-2000C, AT-2000GM	9mm, .40 S&#038;W





	AT-2000H	9mm, .40 S&#038;W





	Official Handgun Roster January 1, 2009





	Page 57 of 73





	Manufacturer	Model Name	Model Number	Caliber





	AT-2000P/PS	9mm, .40 S&#038;W





	AT-2000S	9mm, .40 S&#038;W





	Competitor	AT-2000	9X21 MM, .40 S&#038;W





	Grand Master	AT-2000	9X21 MM, .40 S&#038;W





	Springfield Armory/Inc.





	XD-45:Service Model, LE Tactical, Sub-	.45 ACP





	compact, V10





	XD-45:Service Model, LE Tactical, Sub-	.45 GAP





	compact, V10





	1911-A1	.38S, 9mm, .45, 10mm,





	.40 S&#038;W





	1911-A1	90&#8242;s Edition	.38S, 9mm, .45, 10mm,





	.40S&#038;W





	1911-A1	90&#8242;s Linkless	.38S, .40 S&#038;W, .45 ACP,





	10mm





	1911-A1	90&#8242;s Linkless Comp.	.38S, .40 S&#038;W, .45 ACP,





	10mm





	1911-A1	Champion	.38S, 9mm, .45, 10mm,





	.40 S&#038;W,





	1911-A1	Collectors	.45





	1911-A1	Commander	.40 S&#038;W





	1911-A1	Commander Compnsted.	.38 SUP, .45 ACP, 9mm





	1911-A1	Commemoratives	ALL





	1911-A1	Compact	.38S, .40 S&#038;W, 10mm





	1911-A1	Compensated	.38S, 9mm, .45, 10mm,





	.40 S&#038;W





	1911-A1	Custom &#038; Spec. Bld.	.38S, 9mm, .45, 10mm,





	.40 S&#038;W





	1911-A1 Cmp. Fr	1911-A1	.45 ACP, 9mm





	1911-A1 Command	.38 SUP, .45 ACP,





	10mm, 9mm





	1911-A1 Command	90&#8242;s Edition	.38 SUP, .45 ACP, 9mm





	1911-A1 Command	Compensated	.38 SUP, .45 ACP, 9mm





	1911-A1 Compact	1911-A1	.45 ACP, 9mm





	1911-A1 Frame	** (See notes on last page)





	1911-A1 SS	1911-A1	.38S, 9mm, .45, 10mm,

	.40 S&#038;W



Official Handgun Roster January 1, 2009





	Page 58 of 73





	Manufacturer	Model Name	Model Number	Caliber





	1911-A1 SS	Champion Frame	.38S, 9mm, .45, 10mm,





	.40 S&#038;W





	1911-A1 SS	Champion Pistol	.38S, 9mm, .45, 10mm,





	.40 S&#038;W





	1911-A1 SS	Compact Frame	.38S, 9mm, .45, 10mm,





	.40 S&#038;W





	1911-A1 SS	Compact Pistol	.38S, 9mm, .45, 10mm,





	.40 S&#038;W





	1911-A1 SS Frm.	1911-A1	.45 ACP, 9mm





	1911-A1:  ALL	.45 ACP, 9mm, .38 SUP,





	9X25DIL





	1911-A2 S.A.S.S	1911-A2	All





	Defender	1911A1	.45 ACP





	Firecat	9mm, .40 S&#038;W, .45





	M6	22LR/45LC





	Micro Compact	.45 ACP





	Omega	.38S, 9mm, .45, 10mm,





	.40 S&#038;W





	Omega &#8220;Match&#8221;	.38S, 9mm, .45, 10mm,





	.40 S&#038;W





	P-9	Comp, Cust &#038; Sp Bld.	9mm, .40 S&#038;W, .45, 9X21





	P-9	Compact	9mm, .40 S&#038;W, .45, 9X21





	P-9	Standard	9mm, .45, .40 S&#038;W, 9X21





	P-9	Standard 90&#8242;s Ed.	.45, 9X21





	P-9	Standard Compensated	.45, 9X21





	P-9	Sub Compact	.45, 9X21





	P-9	Ultra	9mm, .40 S&#038;W, .45, 9X21





	P-9	World Cup	9mm, .40 S&#038;W, .45, 9X21





	P-9 Comp. Frame	P-9C	** (See notes on last page)





	P-9 LSP	9mm, .40 S&#038;W, .45, 9X21





	P-9 Pistol	9mm





	P-9 SS	Frame or Compensted.	9mm, .45, .40 S&#038;W, 9X21





	P-9 SS	Standard or Ultra	9mm, .45, .40 S&#038;W, 9X21





	P-9 Standard	90&#8242;s Edition	.40 S&#038;W, 9mm





	P-9 Standard	Compensated	.40 S&#038;W, 9mm





	Official Handgun Roster January 1, 2009





	Page 59 of 73





	Manufacturer	Model Name	Model Number	Caliber





	P-9 Std. Frame	P-9	** (See Notes on last





	page)





	P-9 Sub Cmp. Fr	P-9	.40 S&#038;W, 9mm





	P-9 Sub Compact	P-9	.40 S&#038;W, 9mm





	Panther	9mm, .40 S&#038;W, .45





	V-10	.45 ACP





	V-16 Long Slide	9mm, .45 ACP, .357 SIG





	XD





	XD	9mm, .40S&#038;W, .357 SIG





	XD	9mm, .40S&#038;W, .357 SIG





	XDm-9, XDm-40	9mm, .40 S&#038;W





	Stallard Arms





	Maverick	JS-9MM	9mm





	Star





	30M	9mm





	30P, 30PK	9mm





	31P, 31PK	.40 S&#038;W, 9mm





	BKM	9mm





	BM	9mm





	BS	9mm





	DKL	.38





	Firestar	.45 ACP





	Firestar (M-40)	.40 S&#038;W





	Firestar (M-43)	9mm





	Firestar (M-45)	.45 ACP





	Firestar Plus	9mm, .40 S&#038;W, .45 ACP





	Megastar	.45 ACP, 10mm





	Model B	9mm





	PD	.45 ACP





	Super B	9mm





	Ultrastar	9mm





	Steyr





	Official Handgun Roster January 1, 2009





	Page 60 of 73





	Manufacturer	Model Name	Model Number	Caliber





	GB80	9mm





	S9	9mm





	SPP	9mm





	Steyr Mannlicher





	M40-A1, M9-A1, M357-A1	.40 S&#038;W, 9mm, .357 Sig.





	S40-A1, S9-A1, S357-A1	.40 S&#038;W, 9mm, .357 Sig.





	M357	.357 SIG





	M40	.40 S&#038;W





	M9	9mm





	Steyr Match FP	1800	.22 LR





	STI International





	1911 Frame





	BLS-40 &#038; LS-40	.40 S&#038;W





	BLS-9 &#038; LS-9	9mm





	Competitor	.38 SUP





	Duty One	9mm, .40 S&#038;W





	Eagle 5	9mm, .38 Super, .40





	Eagle 5.1 &#038; 5.5	2011	.45ACP, .40S&#038;W, 10mm,





	 9X21 .38SUP





	Eagle 6	9mm, .38 Super, .40





	Edge	9mm, 10mm, .40 S&#038;W,





	.45 ACP





	Executive	.40 S&#038;W





	Falcon 3.9	2011	.45ACP, .40S&#038;W, 10mm,





	 9X21 .38SUP





	Frame-Mod. 2011	** (See Note)





	GM	.38 SUP, 9mm, 9&#215;23,





	GP6	9mm





	Grandmaster	2011	.38 SUP





	Grandmaster	2011	9mm, 9&#215;23, .45 ACP, .40





	S&#038;W





	Guardian	.45 ACP, 9mm





	Hawk 4.3	2011	.45ACP, .40S&#038;W, 10mm,

	 9X21 .38SUP



Official Handgun Roster January 1, 2009





	Page 61 of 73





	Manufacturer	Model Name	Model Number	Caliber





	Hawk, Eagle Frm	2011	** (See Notes on last





	page)





	IPSC 30TH Anniv. Commem.	9mm, .40 S&#038;W





	Lawman	.45 ACP





	Rangemaster	9mm





	Ranger	9mm, .40 S&#038;W, .45 ACP





	Ranger II	9mm, .40 S&#038;W, .45 ACP





	Sentry	9&#215;19, .40 S&#038;W, .45 ACP





	Spartan	.45 ACP, .40 S&#038;W, 9mm,





	 .38 SUP, 10mm





	Special Edition	9mm. .40 S&#038;W





	SteelMaster	9mm, .38 SUP,  .40





	S&#038;W,  .45 ACP





	Stinger	9mm, .38 Super





	Tactical	9mm, .40 S&#038;W





	Tactical Lite	9mm, .40 S&#038;W





	Targetmaster	9mm





	Trojan	.38 Super





	Trojan	9mm, .45 ACP, .40 S&#038;W





	Trubor	9mm, 9&#215;23, .38 Super





	VIP	.45 ACP





	VIP	9mm, .38 SUP, .357 SIG,





	.40S&#038;W





	Stoeger





	Cougar	8000	9mm, .40





	Stoeger Industries





	A.E. Luger Navy	9mm





	A.E. Luger P-08	9mm





	Vent,Bull,Flute	.22 LR





	Strayer Voight Inc.





	Frame Kit	**





	Infinity	.38 SUP, .357 SIG, 9mm,

	9X21



Official Handgun Roster January 1, 2009





	Page 62 of 73





	Manufacturer	Model Name	Model Number	Caliber





	Infinity	.40 S&#038;W, 10mm, .45





	ACP, 9X23





	Sturm Ruger





	KP345 &#038; KP345PR	.45 ACP





	SP-101	.327 Fed Magnum





	22 Charger	CHR22-10	.22 LR, .17 HMR





	22/45	.22 LR





	50th Anniv.New Model Blkhawk	NVB34-50, S465N-50	.357 Mag.





	50th Anniv.New Model Blkhawk	NVB34-50, S465N-50	.44 Mag.





	Bearcat	.22LR/.22MAG





	Bisley-Vaquero	New Model Sing. Act.	.45 LC, .44 Mag., .357





	Mag.





	GP-100 (DA)	.357 Mag./.38 SP





	KMKIII512	10103	.22 LR





	KMKIII678GC	10112	.22 LR





	KMKIII678H	10118	.22 LR





	KMKIII817	MKIII	.17 Mach 2





	KP345DPR	6648	.45 ACP





	KP45MKIII	10121	.22 LR





	KP512MKIII	10110	.22LR





	KP678HMKIII	10120	.22 LR





	KP95DPR15	13010	9mm





	KP95PR15	13014	9mm





	KP-97D, DAO	.45 ACP





	LCP	3701	.380 ACP





	LCR, LCR-LG	.38 SP + P





	Mark II	Comp, Gv. Bull	.22 LR





	Mark II	Stnd., Target	.22 LR





	Mark II Gv Bull	.22 LR





	Mark II Target	.22 LR





	Mark III	10116	.22 LR





	MK II Bull	.22 LR





	Official Handgun Roster January 1, 2009





	Page 63 of 73





	Manufacturer	Model Name	Model Number	Caliber





	MKIII Hunter	KMKIII45HCL	.22 LR





	MKIII4	10104	.22 LR





	MKIII512	MKIII	.22 LR





	MKIII6	10105	.22 LR





	MKIII678	10106	.22 LR





	New Mod Bisley	.22 LR, .32 Mag., .357





	Mag.





	New Mod Bisley	.41 Mag., .44 MAG/SP,





	.45 COLT





	New Mod Blkhwk	.30 Car., .32-20/32, .357





	Mag.





	New Mod Blkhwk	.357/9MM, .38-40/10, .41





	MAG





	New Mod Blkhwk	.44-40/44, .45 LC, .45





	LC/ACP





	New Mod Sup Blk	.44 MAG/SP





	New Model Blackhawk	BN-31L/34L/36L/41L/42L/44L/45L/455L,BN-	.30 Carbine, .357,





	34XL/36XL/44XL/45XL/455XL	.357/9mm, .41, .45LC,





	.45LC/.45ACP





	New Model Single Six	KNR-717H	.17 HMR





	New Model Single Six	NR-4FL/5FL/6FL, NR-4L/5L/6L,9L





	New Model Single Six	NR-4FL/5FL/6FL, NR-4L/5L/6L,9L	.22 LR/.22 mag.





	New Vaquero	NV-34/35/44/45/455, KNV-	.357 Mag





	34/35/44/45/353/453/55





	New Vaquero	NV-34/35/44/45/455, KNV-	.45 Colt





	34/35/44/45/353/453/55





	New Vaquero	NV-34/35/44/45/455, KNV-	.45 Colt





	34/35/44/45/353/453/55





	New Vaquero	NV-34/35/44/45/455, KNV-	.45 LC. .44 Mag., .357





	34/35/44/45/353/453/55	Mag., 44-40, .32 H&#038;R





	P or KP 85	All	9mm





	P or KP 89	All	9mm





	P or KP 90	All	.45 ACP





	P or KP 91	All	.40 S&#038;W





	P or KP 93	All	9mm





	P or KP 94	All	9mm, .40 S&#038;W

	P or KP 95	DAO, DC, Man Safety	9mm

Official Handgun Roster January 1, 2009





	Page 64 of 73





	Manufacturer	Model Name	Model Number	Caliber





	P345PR	6647	.45 ACP





	P45GCMKIII	10119	.22LR





	P4GCMKIII	MKIII	.22 LR





	P4MKIII	10109	.22 LR





	P512MKIII	10107	.22 LR





	P95DPR15	13011	9mm





	P95PR15	13015	9mm





	Pol. Serv.-Six	.357 Mag., .38 SP





	Redhawk	.41 Mag.





	Redhawk	.45 LC, .454 Cas, .41 Mag.





	Redhawk Da	.357 Mag., .41 Mag., .44





	Mag





	Security Six Da	.357 Mag, .38 SP





	Sing Six Lim Ed	.22LR/MAG





	Single Six	.22 LR, .32 Mag.





	SP-101	.22 LR, .22 WRM, .32





	H&#038;R MAG





	SP-101	.357 Mag., .38 SP, 9mm





	Speed Six	.357 Mag., .38 SP





	SR9	 9X19 mm





	Sup Blk Hunter	.44 Mag.





	Sup. Single Six	.22 LR





	Super Redhawk	.454 Casull .45 LC .44





	MAG/SP





	Super Redhawk	.480 Ruger





	Vaquero	.357 MAG .44-40 .44





	MAG .45 LC





	Vaquero	.40 S&#038;W





	Super Six Ltd.





	Gld. Bull Bison	&#038; Outdoorsman	.45-70





	Tactical Solutions





	Pac-lite (receiver only)	.22 LR

	Talon Industries



Official Handgun Roster January 1, 2009





	Page 65 of 73





	Manufacturer	Model Name	Model Number	Caliber





	T100	.380 ACP, 9MM, .40





	T200	9mm, .40 S&#038;W





	Tanarmi





	BTA 90B/C	9mm





	TA 22	.22 LR





	TA 226	.22/22LR





	TA 22M	22/22WRM





	TA 41B/C	.41 AE





	TA 41BT/CT	.41 AE





	TA 41SS	.41 AE





	TA 76	.22 LR





	TA 766	22/22WRM





	TA 769	22/22WRM





	TA 76C	.22 LR





	TA 76M/MC	22/22WRM





	TA 90BT/CT	9MMP





	TA 90BTK	9MM/41AE





	TA 90SS	9MMP





	Taurus





	905	9mm





	M606	.357 Mag.





	M817UL	.38 Spl.





	PT 24/7	.40





	PT 24/7	.45 ACP





	PT 24/7	9mm





	PT1911	.45 ACP





	PT38S	.38 Super





	PT745 Pro	.45 ACP





	PT909	9mm





	PT917C	9mm





	24/7 OSS	9mm, .45 ACP, .40 Cal.





	Official Handgun Roster January 1, 2009





	Page 66 of 73





	Manufacturer	Model Name	Model Number	Caliber





	38	.38





	431	.44 SP





	441	.44 SP





	445, 445CH	.44 SP





	605	.357 Mag.





	607	.357 Mag.





	608	.357 Mag.





	617	.38 SP, .357 Mag.





	627 Tracker	.38 SP, .357 Mag.





	627 Tracker	.44 SP .44 Mag., .45 LC





	.41 Mag.





	65	.357/.38





	66 CP	.357 MAG/.38





	669 CP	.357 MAG/.38





	689	.357 Mag





	73	.32 H&#038;R





	731	.32 H&#038;R and S&#038;W





	741	.32 H&#038;R





	76	.32 H&#038;R





	80	.38 SP





	809, 840, 845	.40 S&#038;W, .45 ACP,  9mm





	82	.38 SP





	827	.38 SP, .357 Mag.





	83	.38 SP





	85 UL PTD, ULT	.38 SP





	85, 85 CH	.38 SP





	856	.38 SP





	86 Targ. Master	.38 SP





	92 Compact/D	9mm





	92AF/D	9mm





	94	.22 LR





	Official Handgun Roster January 1, 2009





	Page 67 of 73





	Manufacturer	Model Name	Model Number	Caliber





	941	.22 Mag.





	945	.45 ACP





	96 Targ. Scout	.22 LR





	99 AF/D	9mm





	CIA	651	.357 Mag.





	CIA	851	.38 Spl.





	CIA	M650	.357 Mag.





	CIA	M850	.38 SP





	Judge Ultra-Lite	4510TKR	.45 LC/.410 Gauge





	M415	.41 Mag.





	M44, M44CP	.44 Mag.





	M445 &#038; M445CH	.44 SP





	M450	.45 COLT





	M980	.22 LR





	PT-100 &#038; PT-101	.40 S&#038;W





	PT-111 Millenn.	.45 ACP, .357 SIG, 9mm,





	.40S&#038;W





	PT-138	.380 ACP





	PT-140	.40 S&#038;W





	PT-145	.45 ACP





	PT-22	.22 LR





	PT-25	.25 ACP





	PT-58	.380 ACP





	PT-845	.45 ACP





	PT-908	9mm





	PT-911	9mm, .40S&#038;W, .45ACP,





	.357SIG





	PT-92, AF, C	9mm





	PT-938, PT-938C	.380 ACP





	PT-940	.40 S&#038;W





	PT-99, AF, NF	9mm





	Raging 30	M30C	.30 Car





	Official Handgun Roster January 1, 2009





	Page 68 of 73





	Manufacturer	Model Name	Model Number	Caliber





	Raging Bee	M218	.218 Bee





	Raging Bull	.44 Mag., .454 Casull





	Raging Bull	.480 Ruger





	Raging Bull	.500 Mag.





	Raging Bull	M416CP	.41 Mag.





	Raging Hornet	.22 Hornet





	Tracker	425	.41 Mag





	Tracker	44 Ten	.45 LC/.410





	Tracker	990	.22 LR





	Tracker	990	.22 LR





	Tracker	M17	.17 HMR





	Tracker	M455	.45 ACP





	Tracker	M971	.22 Mag.





	Texas Longhorn Arms Inc.





	Grover Impr. #5	.44 Mag.





	Longhorn Arms	.44





	South Texas Arm	.357 Mag., .44 SPL, .45 LC





	Texas Border Sp	.44 SPL, .45 LC





	West Texas FLT	.32-20, .357 Mag., .44





	MG/SP





	West Texas FLT	.45 LC





	Thompson Center Arms





	Contender	All





	Contender Super	&#038; Contender Hunter	All





	Encore	All





	Tressitu





	TZ 99(10 round)	9mm, .40 S&#038;W, .45 ACP,





	 .357 SIG





	Tucson Mold Inc





	Competitor	All





	U.S. Firearms

	Rodeo	.38 Special



Official Handgun Roster January 1, 2009





	Page 69 of 73





	Manufacturer	Model Name	Model Number	Caliber





	SAA	.45 Colt





	U.S. Patent Firearms





	SAA	All





	Uzi America, Inc.





	Uzi Eagle	All	9mm, .40 S&#038;W, .45 ACP,





	 .357 SIG





	Vektor





	CP1	9mm, .40 S&#038;W, .357 SIG





	SP2	9mm, .40 S&#038;W, .357 SIG





	Z88	9mm





	Volkmann Custom





	Combat Custom	1911A1	.45 ACP





	Combatant Carry	1911A1	.45 ACP





	Volquartsen





	LLV	.22 LR





	Walther





	FP	.22 LR





	GSP	.22 LR





	GSP-C	.32 S&#038;W





	KSP200	KSP200	.22 LR





	Olymp. Free Pis	.22 LR





	OSP Match	 22 SHRT





	P-1	9mm





	P-22	.22 LR





	P-38	.22 LR, 9mm





	P-5	9mm





	P-5 Compact	9mm





	P-88	9mm





	P-88 Compact	9mm





	P-99	9mm, .40 S&#038;W





	P-99 QA	9mm, .40 S&#038;W

	P990	9mm, .40 S&#038;W, 9X21 MM

Official Handgun Roster January 1, 2009





	Page 70 of 73





	Manufacturer	Model Name	Model Number	Caliber





	PP	.22 LR, .32 ACP, .380 ACP





	PPK	.22 LR, .32 ACP, .380 ACP





	PPK/S	.22 LR, .32 ACP, .380 ACP





	PPS	9mm, .357 SIG, .40 S&#038;W





	SP22	M1, M2, M3, M4	.22 LR





	TPH	.22 LR, .25 ACP





	Wesson Firearms Co., Inc.





	.22 Rim/.22 Mag	22, 22V, 22VH	.22 LR





	.22 Rim/.22 Mag	22-M, 22M-V, 22M-VH	.22 Win Mag





	.22 Silhouette	G22-V10, G22-VH10	.22 Rim.





	.22 Silhouette	G722-V10, G722-VH10	.22 Rim.





	.32 Mag/.32-20	32, 32V, 32VH	.32 Mag





	.32 Mag/.32-20	732, 732V, 732VH	.32 Mag





	.357 Magnum	14-2, 14-2B	.357 Mag





	.357 Magnum	15-2, 15-2V, 15-2VH	.357 Mag





	.357 Magnum	714, 715, 715V,715VH	.357 Mag





	.357 Super Ram	.357 Max





	.357 Supermag	40-V, 40-VH, 40-VS	.357 Max





	.357 Supermag	740V, 740VH, 740VS	.357 Max





	.375 Supermag	375V, 375VH, 375V8S	.375 SuperMag





	.38 Special	708,709,709V,709VH	.38 Sp





	.38 Special	8-2, 8-2B	.38 Sp





	.38 Special	9-2, 9-2V, 9-2VH	.38 Sp





	.41 Magnum	41V,41VH, 741V,741VH	.41 Mag





	.44 Magnum	44V,44VH, 744V,744VH	.44 Mag





	.445 Supermag	445-V, 445-VH	.445 SuperMag





	.445 Supermag	445-VHS, 445-VS	.445 SuperMag





	.445 Supermag	7445-V, 7445-VH	.445 SuperMag





	.445 Supermag	7445-VHS, 7445-VS	.445 SuperMag





	738P	.38 Sp

	FB715-5C	715	.357 Mag.

Official Handgun Roster January 1, 2009





	Page 71 of 73





	Manufacturer	Model Name	Model Number	Caliber





	Westlake Engineering





	Britarms	2000	.22 LR





	Wichita Arms Inc.





	Classic	All





	International	All





	MK-40 Sil. Pis.	All





	Silouhette Pis.	All





	Wildey





	Hunter        &#038;	Hunter Guardsman	All





	Survivor      &#038;	Survivor Guardsman	All





	Wilson Combat





	CQB	.38 Super, 9mm





	CQB	.45 ACP





	1996 A2	.45 ACP





	22 Clas Rimfire	All	.22 LR





	Brng. HP CarPac	All	9mm, .40 S&#038;W





	Carry Comp Compact	WCCC	.45 ACP





	Carry Comp Professional	WPC	.45 ACP





	Cls Mastr Grade	All	.45 ACP





	Combat Classic	All	.45 ACP





	Kahr Carry Pkg.	All	9mm, .40 S&#038;W





	KZ-45	All	9mm, .40 S&#038;W, .45 ACP





	S.D.S.	All	.45 ACP





	Sentinel	WS-T-A, WS-A-A	.45 ACP, 9mm, .40, .38





	Super, 10mm





	Service Grades	All	.45 ACP





	Tactical Elite	All	.45 ACP





	Tactical Supergrade	WTSG, WTSG-A-A, WTSG-T-A	.45 ACP





	Wyoming Arms





	Parker	.40 S&#038;W, .45 ACP,





	10mm, 9mm





	Parker	.357 Magnum	.357 Mag.





	Official Handgun Roster January 1, 2009





	Page 72 of 73





	Manufacturer	Model Name	Model Number	Caliber





	Parker Comp Com	.40 S&#038;W, .45 ACP,





	Parker Ext Slid	.40 S&#038;W, .45 ACP,





	Zastava Arms





	CZ 99 or Z9	9mm





	CZ 99 R	.357 Mag.

	CZ-40 or Z40	.40 S&#038;W

Official Handgun Roster January 1, 2009





	Page 73 of 73













ATTACHMENT B



Commonwealth of Massachusetts

Executive Office of Public Safety and Security

APPROVED FIREARMS ROSTER 04-2009



This Roster Supersedes All Previous Rosters

This roster has been compiled in accordance with M.G.L. c.140; §131¾ and 501
CMR 7.00. It contains weapons determined by Massachusetts approved independent
testing laboratories to have satisfactorily completed the testing requirements
of M.G.L. c. 140; §123; clauses 18th; 19th; 20th; and 21st. The reports
resulting from said tests were reviewed by the Gun Control Advisory Board and
those makes and models listed herein were subsequently approved by the Executive
Office of Public Safety as having complied with the statutory handgun testing
provisions of M.G.L. c. 140; §123.



Modifications to this roster are likely to occur periodically, and licensees and
law enforcement personnel should always utilize the most recent roster for
purposes of determining statutory compliance. The Approved Firearms Roster
posted on the website of the Executive Office of Public Safety
(www.mass.gov/EOPS) will contain the most recently approved models.



Massachusetts licensed firearms dealers should note that the transfers of
handguns are also subject to the Attorney General’s Handgun Sales Regulations,
940 CMR 16.00, et seq. Firearms on this Approved Firearms Roster do not
necessarily comply with the requirements of the Attorney General’s Handgun
Sales Regulations. Information about those regulations, as well as the
Enforcement Notice may be obtained from the Office of the Attorney General and
may be accessed on the website of the Attorney General (www.ago.state.ma.us).”



Manufacturer

Model

Caliber



Armscor Precision

Rock Island 1911 A-1 GI

.45 ACP



Armscor Precision

Rock Island 1911 A-1 GS CS Blue

.45 ACP



Armscor Precision

Rock Island 1911 A-2 GI FS Blue

.45 ACP



Armscor Precision

Rock Island 1911 A-2 GI MS Blue

.45 ACP



Auto Ordnance

1911-A1

.45 ACP



Beretta

84FS Cheetah

.380 ACP



Beretta

84FS Cheetah – Nickel

.380 ACP



Beretta

85FS Cheetah

.380 ACP



Beretta

85FS Cheetah – Nickel

.380 ACP



Beretta

92FS

9mm



Beretta

92FS Brigadier Inox

9mm



Beretta

92FS Compact Inox

9mm



Beretta

92FS Compact Type M

9mm



Beretta

92FS Compact Type M Inox

9mm



Beretta

92FS Inox

9mm



Beretta

92FS Vertec

9mm



Beretta

92FS Vertec Inox

9mm



Beretta

9000S

9mm



Beretta

96

.40 S&#038;W



Beretta

96 Brigadier

.40 S&#038;W



Beretta

96 Brigadier Inox

.40 S&#038;W



Beretta

96 Inox

.40 S&#038;W



Beretta

96 Vertec

.40 S&#038;W



Beretta

96 Vertec Inox

.40 S&#038;W



Beretta

9000S Type F

.40 S&#038;W



Browning

Buck Mark Camper SS

.22 LR



Browning

Buck Mark SE MS Lt Splash 7.25

.22 LR



Charter 2000

14420

.44 Spl



Charter 2000

74420

.44 Spl



Glock

17

9mm



Glock

17C

9mm



Glock

19

9mm



Glock

19C

9mm



Glock

26

9mm



Glock

34

9mm



Glock

31

.357 Sig



Glock

31C

.357 Sig



Glock

32

.357 Sig



Glock

32C

.357 Sig



Glock

33

.357 Sig



Glock

22

.40 S&#038;W



Glock

22C

.40 S&#038;W



Glock

23

.40 S&#038;W



Glock

23C

.40 S&#038;W



Glock

27

.40 S&#038;W



Glock

35

.40 S&#038;W



Glock

20

10mm



Glock

20C

10mm



Glock

20SF

10mm



Glock

29

10mm



Glock

29SF

10mm



Glock

21

.45 ACP



Glock

21C

.45 ACP



Glock

30

.45 ACP



Glock

30SF

.45 ACP



Glock

36

.45 ACP



Glock

37

.45 GAP



Glock

38

.45 GAP



Glock

39

.45 GAP



Heckler &#038; Koch

P2000

.357 Sig



Heckler &#038; Koch

P2000SK

.357 Sig



Heckler &#038; Koch

USP

.40 S&#038;W



Heckler &#038; Koch

USP Comp LEM

.40 S&#038;W



Kahr Arms

CWP9

9mm



Kahr Arms

P9

9mm



Kahr Arms

PM9

9mm



Kahr Arms

M9093

9mm



Kahr Arms

K9093

9mm



Kahr Arms

K9093A

9mm



Kahr Arms

K9093NA

9mm



Kahr Arms

K9096

9mm



Kahr Arms

K9096A

9mm



Kahr Arms

K9096NA

9mm



Kahr Arms

M9093A

9mm



Kahr Arms

M9093NA

9mm



Kahr Arms

M9096

9mm



Kahr Arms

M9096A

9mm



Kahr Arms

M9096NA

9mm



Kahr Arms

P40

.40 S&#038;W



Kahr Arms

PM40

.40 S&#038;W



Kahr Arms

M4043A

.40 S&#038;W



Kahr Arms

K4043

.40 S&#038;W



Kahr Arms

K4043A

.40 S&#038;W



Kahr Arms

K4043NA

.40 S&#038;W



Kahr Arms

K4046

.40 S&#038;W



Kahr Arms

K4046A

.40 S&#038;W



Kahr Arms

K4046NA

.40 S&#038;W



Kahr Arms

M4043

.40 S&#038;W



Kahr Arms

M4043NA

.40 S&#038;W



Kahr Arms

M4046

.40 S&#038;W



Kahr Arms

M4046A

.40 S&#038;W



Kahr Arms

M4046NA

.40 S&#038;W



Kahr Arms

KP45

.45 ACP



Mauser

M2

.40 S&#038;W



Mauser

M2

.45 ACP



Para Ordnance

C6 Stainless

.45 ACP



Para Ordnance

C7 Stainless

.45 ACP



Para Ordnance

189 Steel

9mm



Para Ordnance

D189 Steel

9mm



Para Ordnance

RHX129E

9mm



Para Ordnance

PX189S

9mm



Para Ordnance

TX189S

9mm



Para Ordnance

RX189E

9mm



Para Ordnance

DX189E

9mm



Para Ordnance

TX189E

9mm



Para Ordnance

CTX189B

9mm



Para Ordnance

DX189S

9mm



Para Ordnance

RX189S

9mm



Para Ordnance

PX938P

.38 Super



Para Ordnance

PX938S

.38 Super



Para Ordnance

1440 Steel

.40 S&#038;W



Para Ordnance

L1440 Steel

.40 S&#038;W



Para Ordnance

1640 Steel

.40 S&#038;W



Para Ordnance

1640 Stainless

.40 S&#038;W



Para Ordnance

D1640 Stainless

.40 S&#038;W



Para Ordnance

1640 Steel

.40 S&#038;W



Para Ordnance

D1640 Steel

.40 S&#038;W



Para Ordnance

S1640 Stainless

.40 S&#038;W



Para Ordnance

P1640 Steel

.40 S&#038;W



Para Ordnance

SX1640E

.40 S&#038;W



Para Ordnance

RHX1640E

.40 S&#038;W



Para Ordnance

SX1640S

.40 S&#038;W



Para Ordnance

RX1640S

.40 S&#038;W



Para Ordnance

745 Stainless

.45 ACP



Para Ordnance

745 Steel

.45 ACP



Para Ordnance

D745 Steel

.45 ACP



Para Ordnance

D745 Stainless

.45 ACP



Para Ordnance

1045 Alloy

.45 ACP



Para Ordnance

1045 Stainless

.45 ACP



Para Ordnance

P1045 Steel

.45 ACP



Para Ordnance

P1045 Alloy

.45 ACP



Para Ordnance

S1045 Stainless

.45 ACP



Para Ordnance

1245 Alloy

.45 ACP



Para Ordnance

1245 Stainless

.45 ACP



Para Ordnance

1245 Steel

.45 ACP



Para Ordnance

L1245 Steel

.45 ACP



Para Ordnance

P1245 Steel

.45 ACP



Para Ordnance

S1245 Stainless

.45 ACP



Para Ordnance

P1245 Alloy

.45 ACP



Para Ordnance

1345 Stainless

.45 ACP



Para Ordnance

1345 Steel

.45 ACP



Para Ordnance

CT1345 Stainless

.45 ACP



Para Ordnance

S1345 Stainless

.45 ACP



Para Ordnance

P1345 Steel

.45 ACP



Para Ordnance

1445 Alloy

.45 ACP



Para Ordnance

1445 Stainless

.45 ACP



Para Ordnance

1445 Steel

.45 ACP



Para Ordnance

S1445 Stainless

.45 ACP



Para Ordnance

P1445 Steel

.45 ACP



Para Ordnance

P1445 Alloy

.45 ACP



Para Ordnance

P1445RR

.45 ACP



Para Ordnance

P1445ER

.45 ACP



Para Ordnance

P1445SR

.45 ACP



Para Ordnance

D1445 Steel

.45 ACP



Para Ordnance

D1445ER

.45 ACP



Para Ordnance

D1445SR

.45 ACP



Para Ordnance

Companion Stainless

.45 ACP



Para Ordnance

Carry Stainless

.45 ACP



Para Ordnance

PX745E

.45 ACP



Para Ordnance

PX745EM

.45 ACP



Para Ordnance

PX745EMB

.45 ACP



Para Ordnance

PX144EMB

.45 ACP



Para Ordnance

RHX1045E

.45 ACP



Para Ordnance

PCX745R

.45 ACP



Para Ordnance

WHX129R

.45 ACP



Para Ordnance

NHX1045N

.45 ACP



Para Ordnance

PCX745S

.45 ACP



Para Ordnance

PSHX645S

.45 ACP



Para Ordnance

WHX1045S

.45 ACP



Para Ordnance

PX1445S

.45 ACP



Para Ordnance

SX1445S

.45 ACP



Para Ordnance

SX1245S

.45 ACP



Para Ordnance

PRX745B

.45 ACP



Para Ordnance

PRX745S

.45 ACP



Para Ordnance

DCX745E

.45 ACP



Para Ordnance

DX1445E

.45 ACP



Para Ordnance

DCX1445E

.45 ACP



Para Ordnance

RX1445E

.45 ACP



Para Ordnance

DX745S

.45 ACP



Para Ordnance

CWX745S

.45 ACP



Para Ordnance

CCWX745S

.45 ACP



Para Ordnance

CX745S

.45 ACP



Para Ordnance

DX1445S

.45 ACP



Para Ordnance

RX1445S

.45 ACP



Para Ordnance

TX1640S

.45 ACP



Para Ordnance

CWX745S

.45 ACP



Para Ordnance

CCWX745S

.45 ACP



Para Ordnance

CTX1345S Stainless

.45 ACP



Para Ordnance

CTX1345G Stainless

.45 ACP



Para Ordnance

CTX1245N Stainless

.45 ACP



Para Ordnance

CWX645S Stainless

.45 ACP



Para Ordnance

CWX645B Stainless

.45 ACP



Para Ordnance

TX745S Stainless

.45 ACP



Para Ordnance

PCWX745S Stainless

.45 ACP



Para Ordnance

PCWX745E Steel

.45 ACP



Para Ordnance

WHX1045R Steel/Alloy

.45 ACP



Seecamp

LWS32

.32 ACP



Sig Arms

Mosquito

.22 LR



Sig Arms

P232 Stainless

.380 ACP



Sig Arms

P225

9mm



Sig Arms

P226

9mm



Sig Arms

P226 Rail

9mm



Sig Arms

P226 Stainless

9mm



Sig Arms

P228

9mm



Sig Arms

P229

9mm



Sig Arms

P239

9mm



Sig Arms

SP2009

9mm



Sig Arms

P226

.357 Sig



Sig Arms

P226 Rail

.357.Sig



Sig Arms

P226 Stainless

.357 Sig



Sig Arms

P229

.357 Sig



Sig Arms

P239

.357 Sig



Sig Arms

SP2340

.357 Sig



Sig Arms

P226

.40 S&#038;W



Sig Arms

P226 Rail

.40 S&#038;W



Sig Arms

P226 DAK

.40 S&#038;W



Sig Arms

P229

.40 S&#038;W



Sig Arms

P229 DAK

.40 S&#038;W



Sig Arms

P239

.40 S&#038;W



Sig Arms

P239 DAK

.40 S&#038;W



Sig Arms

SP2022

.40 S&#038;W



Sig Arms

SP2340

.40 S&#038;W



Sig Arms

P220

.45 ACP



Sig Arms

P220 Stainless

.45 ACP



Sig Arms

P245

.45 ACP



Sig Arms

1911-45-S

.45 ACP



Smith &#038; Wesson

647

.17 Hornady



Smith &#038; Wesson

647-1

.17 Hornady



Smith &#038; Wesson

648-2

.22 MRF



Smith &#038; Wesson

22A-1

.22 LR



Smith &#038; Wesson

22S-1

.22 LR



Smith &#038; Wesson

41

.22 LR



Smith &#038; Wesson

63-4

.22 LR



Smith &#038; Wesson

317-2

.22 LR



Smith &#038; Wesson

317-3

.22 LR



Smith &#038; Wesson

317LS

.22 LR



Smith &#038; Wesson

617-5

.22 LR



Smith &#038; Wesson

617-6

.22 LR



Smith &#038; Wesson

351 PD

.22 Mag.



Smith &#038; Wesson

331-2

.32 H&#038;R Mag.



Smith &#038; Wesson

332-1

.32 H&#038;R Mag.



Smith &#038; Wesson

431 PD

.32 H&#038;R Mag.



Smith &#038; Wesson

432 PD

.32 H&#038;R Mag.



Smith &#038; Wesson

908

9mm



Smith &#038; Wesson

908S

9mm



Smith &#038; Wesson

910

9mm



Smith &#038; Wesson

910S

9mm



Smith &#038; Wesson

952-1

9mm



Smith &#038; Wesson

952-2

9mm



Smith &#038; Wesson

3913LS

9mm



Smith &#038; Wesson

3913TSW

9mm



Smith &#038; Wesson

5903TSW

9mm



Smith &#038; Wesson

5906TSW

9mm



Smith &#038; Wesson

CS9

9mm



Smith &#038; Wesson

SW99

9mm



Smith &#038; Wesson

SW9E

9mm



Smith &#038; Wesson

SW9G

9mm



Smith &#038; Wesson

SW9GVE

9mm



Smith &#038; Wesson

SW9P

9mm



Smith &#038; Wesson

SW9VE

9mm



Smith &#038; Wesson

M&#038;P9 (Mag Safety)

9mm



Smith &#038; Wesson

M&#038;P9 (Mag Safety, Internal Lock)

9mm



Smith &#038; Wesson

M&#038;P9c

9mm



Smith &#038; Wesson

M&#038;P9c (Mag Safety)

9mm



Smith &#038; Wesson

M&#038;P9

9mm



Smith &#038; Wesson

10-14

.38 Spl



Smith &#038; Wesson

14-80

.38 Spl



Smith &#038; Wesson

36-10

.38 Spl



Smith &#038; Wesson

36-10LS

.38 Spl



Smith &#038; Wesson

40-1

.38 Spl



Smith &#038; Wesson

64-7

.38 Spl



Smith &#038; Wesson

64-8

.38 Spl



Smith &#038; Wesson

67-5

.38 Spl



Smith &#038; Wesson

67-6

.38 Spl



Smith &#038; Wesson

67-7

.38 Spl



Smith &#038; Wesson

315

.38 Spl



Smith &#038; Wesson

337-2

.38 Spl



Smith &#038; Wesson

337-2PD

.38 Spl



Smith &#038; Wesson

342

.38 Spl



Smith &#038; Wesson

342 PD

.38 Spl



Smith &#038; Wesson

342-1 PD

.38 Spl



Smith &#038; Wesson

360

.38 Spl



Smith &#038; Wesson

386NG

.38 Spl



Smith &#038; Wesson

442-1

.38 Spl



Smith &#038; Wesson

442-2

.38 Spl



Smith &#038; Wesson

637-2

.38 Spl



Smith &#038; Wesson

638-3

.38 Spl



Smith &#038; Wesson

642-1

.38 Spl



Smith &#038; Wesson

642-2

.38 Spl



Smith &#038; Wesson

642-2 LS

.38 Spl



Smith &#038; Wesson

337-3

.38 Spl +P



Smith &#038; Wesson

627-4

.38 Super



Smith &#038; Wesson

686-7

.38 Super



Smith &#038; Wesson

1911-2

.38 Super



Smith &#038; Wesson

27-9

.357 Mag.



Smith &#038; Wesson

60-14

.357 Mag.



Smith &#038; Wesson

60-14LS

.357 Mag.



Smith &#038; Wesson

60-15

.357 Mag.



Smith &#038; Wesson

60-18

.357 Mag.



Smith &#038; Wesson

65-7

.357 Mag.



Smith &#038; Wesson

65-7LS

.357 Mag.



Smith &#038; Wesson

65-8

.357 Mag.



Smith &#038; Wesson

65-8 LS

.357 Mag.



Smith &#038; Wesson

66-6

.357 Mag.



Smith &#038; Wesson

66-7

.357 Mag.



Smith &#038; Wesson

327

.357 Mag.



Smith &#038; Wesson

327-1

.357 Mag.



Smith &#038; Wesson

327PD

.357 Mag.



Smith &#038; Wesson

360 SC

.357 Mag.



Smith &#038; Wesson

386

.357 Mag.



Smith &#038; Wesson

386PD

.357 Mag.



Smith &#038; Wesson

386SC

.357 Mag.



Smith &#038; Wesson

386Sc/S

.357 Mag.



Smith &#038; Wesson

340 PD

.357 Mag.



Smith &#038; Wesson

340 SC

.357 Mag.



Smith &#038; Wesson

360 PD

.357 Mag.



Smith &#038; Wesson

520

.357 Mag.



Smith &#038; Wesson

619

.357 Mag.



Smith &#038; Wesson

620

.357 Mag.



Smith &#038; Wesson

627-5

.357 Mag.



Smith &#038; Wesson

640-1

.357 Mag.



Smith &#038; Wesson

640-3

.357 Mag.



Smith &#038; Wesson

649-5

.357 Mag.



Smith &#038; Wesson

686-6

.357 Mag.



Smith &#038; Wesson

686-6 Plus

.357 Mag.



Smith &#038; Wesson

686-6 Power Port

.357 Mag.



Smith &#038; Wesson

686-6 SSR

.357 Mag.



Smith &#038; Wesson

M&#038;P360

.357 Mag.



Smith &#038; Wesson

M&#038;P340

.357 Mag.



Smith &#038; Wesson

M&#038;P357

.357 Sig



Smith &#038; Wesson

410

.40 S&#038;W



Smith &#038; Wesson

410S

.40 S&#038;W



Smith &#038; Wesson

CS40

.40 S&#038;W



Smith &#038; Wesson

M&#038;P40 (Mag Safety)

.40 S&#038;W



Smith &#038; Wesson

M&#038;P40

.40 S&#038;W



Smith &#038; Wesson

M&#038;P40 (Mag Safety, Internal Lock)

.40 S&#038;W



Smith &#038; Wesson

M&#038;P40c (Mag Safety)

.40 S&#038;W



Smith &#038; Wesson

4003TSW

.40 S&#038;W



Smith &#038; Wesson

4006TSW

.40 S&#038;W



Smith &#038; Wesson

4013TSW

.40 S&#038;W



Smith &#038; Wesson

4040 PD

.40 S&#038;W



Smith &#038; Wesson

SW40E

.40 S&#038;W



Smith &#038; Wesson

SW40G

.40 S&#038;W



Smith &#038; Wesson

SW40GVE

.40 S&#038;W



Smith &#038; Wesson

SW40P

.40 S&#038;W



Smith &#038; Wesson

SW40VE

.40 S&#038;W



Smith &#038; Wesson

SW99

.40 S&#038;W



Smith &#038; Wesson

SW99QA

.40 S&#038;W



Smith &#038; Wesson

SW990

.40 S&#038;W



Smith &#038; Wesson

SW990L Compact

.40 S&#038;W



Smith &#038; Wesson

945-40

.40 S&#038;W



Smith &#038; Wesson

610-3

10mm



Smith &#038; Wesson

57-5

.41 Mag.



Smith &#038; Wesson

357 PD

.41 Mag.



Smith &#038; Wesson

657-5

.41 Mag.



Smith &#038; Wesson

21-4

.44 Spl



Smith &#038; Wesson

24-6

.44 Spl



Smith &#038; Wesson

396NG

.44 Spl



Smith &#038; Wesson

396-1

.44 Spl



Smith &#038; Wesson

696

.44 Spl



Smith &#038; Wesson

29-8

.44 Mag.



Smith &#038; Wesson

29-10

.44 Mag.



Smith &#038; Wesson

329PD

.44 Mag.



Smith &#038; Wesson

329-1

.44 Mag.



Smith &#038; Wesson

629-6

.44 Mag.



Smith &#038; Wesson

629-6 Classic

.44 Mag.



Smith &#038; Wesson

629-6 Classic DX

.44 Mag.



Smith &#038; Wesson

629-6 Power Port

.44 Mag.



Smith &#038; Wesson

22-4

.45 ACP



Smith &#038; Wesson

325

.45 ACP



Smith &#038; Wesson

325PD

.45 ACP



Smith &#038; Wesson

457

.45 ACP



Smith &#038; Wesson

457S

.45 ACP



Smith &#038; Wesson

625-8

.45 ACP



Smith &#038; Wesson

625-8 JM

.45 ACP



Smith &#038; Wesson

625-10

.45 ACP



Smith &#038; Wesson

945-1

.45 ACP



Smith &#038; Wesson

M&#038;P45

.45 ACP



Smith &#038; Wesson

1911

.45 ACP



Smith &#038; Wesson

1911 (Steel)

.45 ACP



Smith &#038; Wesson

1911 DK

.45 ACP



Smith &#038; Wesson

1911 PD

.45 ACP



Smith &#038; Wesson

1911 Sc (Black)

.45 ACP



Smith &#038; Wesson

1911 SC

.45 ACP



Smith &#038; Wesson

1911 Pro Series

.45 ACP



Smith &#038; Wesson

4513TSW

.45 ACP



Smith &#038; Wesson

4563TSW

.45 ACP



Smith &#038; Wesson

4566TSW

.45 ACP



Smith &#038; Wesson

CS45

.45 ACP



Smith &#038; Wesson

SW99

.45 ACP



Smith &#038; Wesson

SW1911

.45 ACP



Smith &#038; Wesson

M3 Schofield

.45 S&#038;W Schofield



Smith &#038; Wesson

25-13

.45 Long Colt



Smith &#038; Wesson

25-15

.45 Long Colt



Smith &#038; Wesson

625-9

.45 Long Colt



Smith &#038; Wesson

460 ES

460 S&#038;W Mag.



Smith &#038; Wesson

460V

460 S&#038;W Mag.



Smith &#038; Wesson

460XVR

460 S&#038;W Mag.



Smith &#038; Wesson

500

500 S&#038;W



Smith &#038; Wesson

500 ES

500 S&#038;W



Steyr Arms

M9A1

9mm



Steyr Arms

M357-A1

.357 Sig.



Steyr Arms

M40-A1

.40 S&#038;W



Steyr Arms

S-A1

.40 S&#038;W



Strayer Voigt

Infinity Traditional

.45 ACP



Strayer Voigt

Infinity Competition

.45 ACP



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

NR617

17 HMR



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KNR-717H

17 HMR



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KNR-717HX

17 Mach 2



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KSP241X

.22 LR



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

MK4

.22 LR



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KMK4

.22 LR



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KP4

.22 LR



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

MK6

.22 LR



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KMK6

.22 LR



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

MK678

.22 LR



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KMK678

.22 LR



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

P4

.22 LR



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

P512

.22 LR



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KP512

.22 LR



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

MK512

.22 LR



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KMK512

.22 LR



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KMK512GCUS

.22 LR



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

MK10

.22 LR



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KMK10

.22 LR



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

MK678G

.22 LR



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KMK678G

.22 LR



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KMK678GC

.22 LR



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

MK8

.22 LR



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

P678GC

.22 LR



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

P8GC

.22 LR



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

MKIII4

.22 LR



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

MKIII6

.22 LR



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

P512MKIII

.22 LR



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KP512MKIII

.22 LR



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KP45HMKIII

.22 LR



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KP678HMKIII

.22 LR



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

P4MKIII

.22 LR



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

P45GCMKIII

.22 LR



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

MKIII 512

.22 LR



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

MKIII513GCL

.22 LR



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

MKIII678

.22 LR



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

MKIII45HCL

.22 LR



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KMKIII678GC

.22 LR



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KMKIII678H

.22 LR



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

SBC4

.22 LR



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KSBC4

.22 LR



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

RB22AW

.22 LR



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KMKIII 512

.22 LR



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

NR4

.22 LR / 22 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

NR4F50

.22 LR / 22 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

NR5

.22 LR / 22 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

NR6

.22 LR / 22 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

NR9

.22 LR / 22 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KNR5

.22 LR / 22 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KNR6

.22 LR / 22 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

NR5F

.22 LR / 22 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

NR6F

.22 LR / 22 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KNR-7H

.22 LR / 22 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

NR6FL

.22 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

SSM4FSI

.32 H&#038;R



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KSSM4FSI

.32 H&#038;R



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KSP3231X

.32 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KSP3241X

.32 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

P89

9mm



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KP89

9mm



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

P89D

9mm



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KP89D

9mm



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

P94

9mm



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KP94

9mm



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

P95D

9mm



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KP95D

9mm



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KSR9-10-L

9mm



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KODBSR9-10-L

9mm



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KBSR9-10-L

9mm



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KGPF840

.38 Spl



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KSP821X

.38+P



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KSP831X

.38+P



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KSP32731X

.327 Federal Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

GP141

.357 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KGP141

.357 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

GP160

.357 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KGP160

.357 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

GP161

.357 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KGP161

.357 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KGPF330

.357 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

GPF331

.357 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KGPF331

.357 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

GPF340

.357 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KGPF340

.357 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

GPF341

.357 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KGPF341

.357 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KSP321X

.357 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KSP331X

.357 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KSP321XL

.357 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

BNV34

.357 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KBNV34

.357 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

BNV35

.357 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KBVN35

.357 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

BNVBH34

.357 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

RBNV35

.357 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KRBNV35

.357 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

NV34

.357 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KNV34

.357 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KNV34 Stainless

.357 Mag



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

NV35

.357 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KNV35

.357 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KNV35 Stainless

.357 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

BN34

.357 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KBN34

.357 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

BN36

.357 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KBN36

.357 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

BN34X

.357 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

BN36X

.357 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

RB35W

.357 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

NVB34-50

.357 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

BN31

.30 Carbine



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

P944

.40 S&#038;W



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KP944

.40 S&#038;W



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KP944D

.40 S&#038;W



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

BN41

.41 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

BN42

.41 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

BNV40

44/40



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KBNV40

44/40



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

BNV405

44/40



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KBNV405

44/40



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

BNV407

44/40



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KBNV407

44/40



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

RH445

.44 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

RH44

.44 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

RH44R

.44 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KRH44

.44 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KRH44R

.44 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KRH445

.44 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KSRH7

.44 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KSRH9

.44 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

RB44W

.44 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

BNV474

.44 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KBNV474

.44 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

BNV475

.44 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KBNV475

.44 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

BNV477

.44 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KBNV477

.44 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

RBNV474

.44 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KRBNV474

.44 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

RBNV475

.44 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KRBNV475

.44 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

S458N

.44 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

S45N

.44 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

S47N

.44 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

S411N

.44 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KS458N

.44 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KS45N

.44 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KS47N

.44 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KS411N

.44 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KS-47NHNN

.44 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KSRH2

.44 Mag.



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

P90

.45 ACP



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KP90

.45 ACP



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KP90D

.45 ACP



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KP345PR

.45 ACP



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

P97D

.45 ACP



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KP97D

.45 ACP



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KP345

.45 ACP



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

P345PR

.45 ACP



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KP345DPR

.45 ACP



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

RB45W

.45 Long Colt



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KRH455

.45 Long Colt



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KRH45

.45 Long Colt



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KRH45R

.45 Long Colt



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

BNV44

.45 Long Colt



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KBNV44

.45 Long Colt



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

BNV455

.45 Long Colt



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KBNV455

.45 Long Colt



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

BNV45

.45 Long Colt



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KBNV45

.45 Long Colt



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

BNVBH453

.45 Long Colt



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KBNVBH453

.45 Long Colt



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

RBNV44

.45 Long Colt



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KRBNV44

.45 Long Colt



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

RBNV455

.45 Long Colt



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KRBNV455

.45 Long Colt



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

NV44

.45 Long Colt



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KNV44

.45 Long Colt



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KNV44 Stainless

.45 Long Colt



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

NV45

.45 Long Colt



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KNV45

.45 Long Colt



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

NV455

.45 Long Colt



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KNV455

.45 Long Colt



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KNV455 Stainless

.45 Long Colt



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KNV455E Stainless

.45 Long Colt



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

BN44

.45 Long Colt



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KBN44

.45 Long Colt



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

BN455

.45 Long Colt



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

BN45

.45 Long Colt



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

BN45L

.45 Long Colt



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KBN45

.45 Long Colt



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

BN44X

.45 Long Colt



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

BN455X

.45 Long Colt



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KSRH2454

454 Casull



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KSRH7454

454 Casull &#038; 45 Long Colt



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KSRH9454

454 Casull &#038; 45 Long Colt



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KSRH7480

480 Ruger



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KSRH9480

480 Ruger



Sturm, Ruger &#038; Co.

KSRH-2480

480 Ruger



Walther

P22

.22 LR



Walther

SP22

.22 LR



Walther

PPK/S-1

.32 ACP



Walther

PPK

.380 ACP



Walther

PPK (Blue)

.380 ACP



Walther

PPK/S-1

.380 ACP



Walther

PPK/S-1 Two Tone

.380 ACP



Walther

P99

9mm



Walther

P99C AS

9mm



Walther

P990

9mm



Walther

P99 AS

9mm



Walther

P99 c AS

9mm



Walther

P99C QA

9mm



Walther

P99 QA

9mm



Walther

PPS

9mm



Walther

P99

.40 S&#038;W



Walther

P99 AS

.40 S&#038;W



Walther

P99C QA

.40 S&#038;W



Walther

P99 QA

.40 S&#038;W
