                                  DC REGULATIONS

PERSONAL APPEARANCE AND FILING TIME (§ 24-2313)

2313.1 	In accordance with § 203 of the Act (D.C. Official Code § 7-2502.04(c)
(2013 Supp.)), each applicant for a registration certificate shall personally
present the required form at the Firearms Registration Section, during operating
hours.

2313.2 	Multiple applications submitted at one (1) time shall be accepted on the
basis of a single personal appearance.

2313.3 	The Director may waive the requirement for a personal appearance in
emergency situations, including cases where the applicant is out of the country,
in the hospital, or not ambulatory; provided, that the application shall be
accepted for processing, but shall not be approved until the applicant appears
in person.

2313.4 	If the condition preventing the personal appearance is permanent or
continuing in nature, the Director may, in his or her discretion, satisfy this
requirement by interviewing the applicant at a place convenient to the
applicant.

2313.5 	When a personal appearance is not made, an appropriate notation shall be
made on the application showing that fact, together with the name, address,
phone number, and relationship to the applicant of the person presenting the
application on the person’s behalf.

2313.6 	A person other than the president or chief executive of an organization
may submit an application if that person presents with the application a letter
on the organization’s official letterhead signed by the president or chief
executive of the organization, stating the name of the person appearing, that
person’s position within the organization, and the identity of the weapon he
or she is authorized to present for registration.

2313.7 	When submitting an application, an applicant shall not have the firearm
to be registered in his or her possession.

2313.8 	The Director may require an applicant to return with the firearm if it
appears to the Director that any of the following conditions may apply:

(a) 	That the person is unqualified or incapable of safe and responsible
possession or use of the firearm;

(b) 	That the firearm may be unregisterable, defective, or in a dangerous
condition or state of disrepair; or

(c) 	That the information relating to the weapon on the application is
incorrect, misleading, or incomplete.

2313.9 	A person shall be deemed to be in compliance with the personal
notification requirements of § 206(a) of the Act (D.C. Official Code §
7-2502.06(a) (2013 Supp.)) if he or she, immediately after bringing a firearm
into the District, telephonically notifies the Firearms Registration Section at
202-727-4275.



SOURCE: Final Rulemaking published at 23 DCR 8942 (May 6, 1977), incorporating
text of the Proposed Rulemaking published at 23 DCR 7061, 7071 (March 4, 1977);
35 DCRR §§310, 311, November 1980, Special Edition; as amended by Final
Rulemaking published at 60 DCR 17215 (December 27, 2013).
