                                  DC REGULATIONS

PROCEDURES AND REQUIREMENTS FOR REGISTRATION OF A PISTOL FOR THE PURPOSE OF
SELF-DEFENSE WITHIN APPLICANT&#8217;S HOME (§ 24-2320)

2320.1 	In addition to satisfying all other firearms registration requirements
in this chapter, an applicant for a registration certificate for a pistol to be
used for the purpose of self-defense within that person’s home shall comply
with all the procedures and requirements of this section. In the event of any
irreconcilable conflict between this section and any other regulations regarding
the registration of a pistol, this section shall control.

2320.2 	The Director may register a pistol so long as the pistol is not an
assault weapon, or a machine gun as those terms are defined in § 101(3A) and
(10) of the Act (D.C. Official Code § 7-2501.01(3A) &#038; (10) (2013 Supp.)),
or an unsafe firearm prohibited under § 504 of the Act (D.C. Official Code §
7-2504.04 (2012 Repl.)).

2320.3 	An applicant seeking to register a pistol he or she will purchase from a
firearms dealer pursuant to this section shall:

(a) 	Acquire the firearm registration application (P.D. 219) either from any
licensed firearms dealer in the District of Columbia, or in person at the
Firearms Registration Section at the Metropolitan Police Department 
headquarters, or by mailing a request with a self-addressed, stamped envelope to
Firearms Registration Section, Metropolitan Police Department, 300 Indiana
Avenue, NW, Washington, D.C. 20001;

(b) 	Obtain assistance necessary to complete the application by presenting the
firearm registration application to a firearms dealer licensed under federal law
either:

(1) 	Located inside the District if the firearm is purchased within the
District; or

(2) 	Located outside the District if the firearm is purchased outside the
District;

(c) 	Appear in person at MPD headquarters to take these steps:

(1) 	Report to the Firearms Registration Section with the completed firearm
registration application and provide the following:

(A) 	[RESERVED];

(B) 	A valid driver’s license or a letter from a physician attesting that the
applicant has vision at least as good as that required for a driver’s license;
and

(C) 	Residency verification, such as a District of Columbia driver’s license
or identification card, a current rental agreement, or a deed to property that
includes a home;

(2) 	Complete a firearm registration test;

(3) 	If successful on the test, pay all applicable fees at the MPD cashier,
including thirty-five dollars ($35) for fingerprinting and thirteen dollars
($13) for a firearm registration; and

(4) 	Present a fee receipt and submit to fingerprinting.

(d) 	Await notification from the Firearms Registration Section via mail,
telephone, or other electronic communication on whether all statutory and
regulatory requirements for registration have been satisfied;

(e) 	Upon notification that all statutory and regulatory requirements for
registration have been satisfied, an applicant shall either:

(1)	Return to the Firearms Registration Section to complete the registration
process and obtain the approved firearms registration certificate; or

(2)	Choose to receive the completed firearms registration certificate by mail;
and

(f) 	Present the approved firearm registration application to the dealer
licensed under federal law or, if federal law such as 18 U.S.C. § 922 prohibits
the dealer from delivering the pistol to the applicant because the dealer is not
within the District of Columbia, have that firearms dealer transport the pistol
to a dealer located within the District, where the applicant will take delivery
of the pistol.

2320.4 	[RESERVED].

2320.5 	An applicant seeking to register a pistol legally possessed in another
jurisdiction pursuant to this section shall follow the procedure laid out in
Paragraphs (a), (c), (d), and (e) of § 2320.3, in that order. If the applicant
does not transport the pistol immediately to the Firearms Registration Section
upon bringing it into the District, the applicant shall contact the Firearms
Registration Section by calling 202-727-4275, providing notification that a
pistol from another jurisdiction has been brought into the District, and then
begin the application process within forty-eight (48) hours of such
notification.

2320.6 	[RESERVED].

2320.7 	In the event of the loss, theft, or destruction of the registration
certificate or of a registered pistol, a registrant shall immediately file a
police report and shall also:

(a) 	Immediately notify the Firearms Registration Section in writing of the
loss, theft, or destruction of the registration certificate or of the registered
pistol (including the circumstances, if known) upon discovery of such loss,
theft, or destruction; and

(b) 	Immediately return to the Firearms Registration Section the registration
certificate for any pistol which is lost, stolen, or destroyed.

2320.8 	[RESERVED].

2320.9 	When permitted under this section to transport a pistol, the pistol
shall be unloaded, and neither the pistol nor any ammunition being transported
shall be readily accessible or directly accessible from the passenger
compartment of the transporting vehicle.

2320.10 	If the transporting vehicle does not have a compartment separate from
the driver’s compartment, the pistol or ammunition shall be contained in a
locked container other than the glove compartment or console, and the pistol
shall be unloaded.

2320.11 	If the transportation is in a manner other than in a vehicle, the
pistol shall be:

(a) 	Unloaded;

(b) 	Inside a locked container; and

(c) 	Separate from any ammunition.



SOURCE: Emergency and Proposed Rulemaking published at 56 DCR 624 (January 16,
2009)[EXPIRED]; as amended by Final Rulemaking published at 56 DCR 4380, 4382
(June 5, 2009); as amended by Final Rulemaking published at 58 DCR 8240
(September 23, 2011); as corrected by Errata Notice published at 58 DCR 8577
(October 7, 2011); as amended by Final Rulemaking published at 60 DCR 17215
(December 27, 2013).
