                                  DC REGULATIONS

DEFINITIONS (§ 24-2399)

2399.1 	When used in this chapter, and in forms prescribed under this chapter,
where not otherwise distinctly expressed or manifestly incompatible with the
intent of the Act or this chapter, the following terms shall have the meanings
ascribed:

Act – the Firearms Control Regulations Act of 1975, effective September 24,
1976 (D.C. Law 1-85; D.C. Official Code §§ 7-2501.01 et seq. (2012 Repl. and
2013 Supp.)).

Chief – the Chief of the Metropolitan Police Department.

Dealer – any person engaged in the business of buying, selling, or otherwise
dealing in firearms, ammunition, or destructive devices at wholesale or retail;
any person engaged in the business of repairing, testing, or analyzing firearms;
any person engaged in the business of making or fitting special barrels, stocks,
or trigger mechanisms for firearms or destructive devices; or any person
repairing, testing, analyzing, or making any destructive device or ammunition.

Director – the commanding officer or acting commanding officer of the Police
Business Services Division of the Metropolitan Police Department or their
delegates.

Explosive or explosives – any chemical compound or mechanical mixture that
contains any oxidizing and combustible units, or other ingredients, in such
proportion, quantities, or packing that an ignition by fire, friction,
concussion, percussion, or detonator, or any part of the compound or mixture,
may cause a sudden generation of highly heated gasses that results in gaseous
pressures capable of producing destructive effects on contiguous objects or of
destroying life or limb. (Art. 9, § 3 of the Police Regulations).

Firearms Registration Section – a part of the Police Business Services
Division of the Metropolitan Police Department, located in 300 Indiana Avenue,
N.W., Washington, D.C. 20001.

Home – the principal place of residence of an individual in the District and
limited to the interior of a house, condominium unit, cooperative unit,
apartment, houseboat, or a mobile home, so long as that structure is not capable
of unassisted movement. The term home does not include any common areas of any
condominium unit, cooperative unit, or apartment.

Intrafamily offense – shall have the same meaning as provided in D.C. Official
Code § 16-1001(8) (2012 Repl.).

Licensed dealer – a deadly weapons dealer licensed under the Act and this
chapter.

Machine gun – means any firearm which shoots, is designed to shoot, or can be
readily restored to shoot, automatically more than one shot, without manual
reloading, by a single function of the trigger. The term “machine gun” shall
also include the frame or receiver of any such firearm, any part designed and
intended solely and exclusively, or combination of parts designed and intended,
for use in converting a firearm into a machine gun, and any combination of parts
from which a machine gun can be assembled if such parts are in the possession or
under the control of a person.

Pistol – any firearm originally designed to be fired by use of a single hand
or with a barrel less than 12 inches in length.

Supervisor – the person in charge of the Firearms Registration Section.





SOURCE: Final Rulemaking published at 23 DCR 8942 (May 6, 1977), incorporating
text of the Proposed Rulemaking published at 23 DCR 7061 (March 4, 1977), 35
DCRR §301, November 1980, Special Edition; as amended by Article 9, §3 of the
Police Regulations (May 1981); as amended by Emergency and Proposed Rulemaking
published at 56 DCR 624 (January 16, 2009)[EXPIRED]; as amended by Final
Rulemaking published at 56 DCR 4380, 4386 (June 5, 2009); as amended by Final
Rulemaking published at 60 DCR 17215 (December 27, 2013).
