                                  DC REGULATIONS

DEFINITIONS (ยง 29-6499)

For the purposes of this Chapter, the following terms shall have the meaning
ascribed:



AIDS &#8211; acquired immune deficiency syndrome.



COBRA- Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1986. This program
administered by the United States Department of Labor and the United States
Pension and Welfare Benefits Administration allows an employee who voluntarily
resigns from employment or is terminated for any reason other than &#8220;gross
misconduct&#8221; to continue their former employer&#8217;s group health plan
(both for individual and family coverage) coverage for a period up to eighteen
(18) months from the effective date of employment termination or resignation.



Demonstration Project &#8211; as authorized under Section 1115 of the Social
Security Act.



DOH &#8211; Department of Health.



DOH HIV Pharmacy Network &#8211; group of participating pharmacies that
distribute anti-retrovirals and other HIV-related medications for the
Demonstration Project, Medicaid, and the ADAP.



Enrollment ceiling &#8211; the limit on the number of recipients in the
Demonstration Project.



Gross income &#8211; total pre-tax income for a household; this amount includes
all income that the Income Maintenance Administration and other agencies may
disregard in their eligibility determinations for other programs (including
current law Medicaid).



HAART &#8211; Highly Active Anti-Retroviral Therapy. A broad category of
treatment regimens for individuals with HIV usually comprised of three (3) or
more anti-retroviral drugs that, in previously untreated HIV-1-infected
patients, are expected to reduce plasma virus levels below the limits of
detection. Most HAART regimens include drugs from at least two (2) of the three
(3) classes of anti-retroviral therapy (nucleoside analog reverse transcriptase
(RT) inhibitors, non-nucleoside analog RT inhibitors, and protease inhibitors).



HIV &#8211; human immunodeficiency virus. A retrovirus that causes AIDS,
formerly known as HTLV-III.



	SOURCE: Emergency Rulemaking published at 51 DCR 5605 (May 28, 2004) [EXPIRED];
as amended by Final Rulemaking published at 51 DCR 7435 (July 30, 2004).
