                                  DC REGULATIONS

RECERTIFICATION (§ 14-6118)

6118.1 	Lessee shall recertify, biennially, and shall be responsible for
providing to DCHA a completed application for continued occupancy, including the
appropriate verification forms.  The forms are those provided by or otherwise
authorized by DCHA.  The Lessee’s responsibility to provide a completed
application for continued occupancy, including the appropriate verification
forms shall include but is not limited to the following:



(a)	Lessees shall be required to return the recertification package including
any required substantiating documentation or verification forms to DCHA within
thirty (30) days of receipt of the recertification package;



(b)	Lessee shall obtain from other household members any information,
documentation and signatures, as DCHA may require, when submitting a completed
application for continued occupancy, including the appropriate verification
forms as DCHA may require;



(c)	The Lessee shall provide DCHA, for each household member, to DCHA a listing
of the exact amount of income or benefits, from whatever source and the exact
source of the income or benefit;



(d)	The Lessee shall provide certification from all adult household members that
their income has been accurately reported;



(e)	Lessee shall provide the full name, gender, Social Security Number and date
of birth for each household member;



(f)	Lessee shall provide to DCHA proof of the Lessee&#8217;s and/or any
household member&#8217;s enrollment in an educational facility and shall provide
this information for any household member that Lessee is seeking to add;



(g)	Lessee&#8217;s who wish to remove a household member from the household
shall have the burden of proof that such person has permanently vacated the
Leased Premises and must submit documents satisfactory to DCHA, in accordance
with Subsection 6119.1, that the household member is residing elsewhere; and



(h)	If the Lessee has misrepresented or failed to submit timely to DCHA any
facts used in the determination of rent, whether intentionally or by mistake,
DCHA may charge and collect as rent the difference between the rent actually
paid and the rent which would have been due had the proper information been
submitted timely by the Lessee. This amount, the basis for the charge, and
notice of the Lessee&#8217;s grievance rights will be made available to lessee
in writing by DCHA. This amount shall be posted to the Lessee&#8217;s account
and rent statement. Lessee shall receive written notice of the new amount which
shall be due as stated in the notice, but not less than thirty (30) days from
the date of the notice A failure to accurately report income, deductions, family
composition, or any other information may result in legal action being taken by
DCHA or law enforcement agencies.



SOURCE: Final Rulemaking published at 46 DCR 603 (January 22, 1999),
incorporating by reference the text of Proposed Rulemaking published at 45 DCR
7913, 7914 (November 6, 1998); as amended by Final Rulemaking published at 50
DCR 5739 (July 18, 2003); as amended by Final Rulemaking published at 50 DCR
10347 (December 5, 2003); as amended by Final Rulemaking published at 51 DCR
8104 (August 20, 2004); as amended by Final Rulemaking published at 51 DCR 9184
(September 24, 2004); as amended by Final Rulemaking published at 54 DCR 12303
(December 21, 2007); as amended by Final Rulemaking published at 60 DCR 16066
(November 22, 2013).
