                                  DC REGULATIONS

ADDITIONAL RIGHTS FOR CLIENTS IN TEMPORARY SHELTER OR SUPPORTIVE HOUSING (§
29-2513)

Clients shall be permitted to receive visitors in designated areas of the
shelter or housing premises during reasonable hours and under such reasonable
conditions as specified in the Provider&#8217;s approved Program Rules.







Clients shall be permitted to leave and return to the shelter or housing
premises within reasonable hours as specified by the Provider’s approved
Program Rules.







Clients shall receive reasonable prior notice specifying the date and time of
any inspections of a client&#8217;s living quarters and of the Provider staff
member authorized to perform the inspection, except when, in the opinion of the
Provider&#8217;s executive or program director, there is reasonable cause to
believe that the client is in possession of a substance or object that poses an
imminent threat to the health and safety of the client or any other person on
the Provider&#8217;s premises. Reasonable cause shall be documented in the
client’s record.







Clients shall be permitted to be present or have an adult member of the family
present at the time of any inspection unless, in the opinion of the Provider’s
executive or program director, there is reasonable cause to believe that the
client is in possession of a substance or object that poses an imminent threat
to the health and safety of the client or any other person on the Provider’s
premises. Reasonable cause shall be documented in the client’s record.







Clients shall be provided reasonable privacy in caring for personal needs and in
maintaining personal living quarters.







Clients shall be permitted to conduct their own financial affairs, subject to
the reasonable requirements of the Provider’s Program Rules developed and
approved in accordance with subsection 2515.17, or subject to a Service Plan
developed pursuant to subsection 2512.12.



	SOURCE: Final Rulemaking published at 39 DCR 470, 488 (January 24, 1992); as
amended by Notice of Emergency and Proposed Rulemaking published at 57 DCR 6438
(July 23, 2010)[EXPIRED]; as amended by Notice Emergency Rulemaking published at
57 DCR 11353 (November 26, 2010)[EXPIRED]; as amended by Notice of Emergency
Rulemaking published at 58 DCR 3007 (April 8, 2011)[EXPIRED]; as amended by
Notice of Final Rulemaking published at 58 DCR 7442, 7453(August 19, 2011).
