                                  DC REGULATIONS

ADMINISTRATIVE REVIEW NOTICE REQUIREMENTS (§ 29-2553)

2553.1  	Upon receipt of a request for a fair hearing, the Department’s
Administrative Review Office shall schedule an administrative review.  As soon
as possible after receipt of the request for a fair hearing, the Department
shall mail and, if possible, transmit by facsimile, a notice of the
administrative review to the client, the client representative, if there is one,
the Provider, and the Department’s representative if there is a Department
action at issue.



2553.2  	The notice shall contain the following information:



(a)	The date, time, and place of the review;



(b)	The purpose of the review;



(c)	That the client has the right to have an attorney or lay representative
present at the administrative review;



(d)	That the client or client representative has the right to submit issues and
comments in writing to the Department, prior to or at the time of the
administrative review;



(e)	That the client or client representative has the right to review the
Provider’s or Department’s records regarding the client, or the records of
other related service Providers regarding the client at any time during the
administrative review process;



(f)	That the review will not be held unless the client appears and that the
client’s failure to appear will not affect the client’s right to the fair
hearing previously requested;



(g)  	That if an administrative review is conducted, the administrative review
will be completed and a decision issued in writing within fifteen (15) days
after the receipt by the Department’s Administrative Review Office of the
request for a fair hearing, unless good cause is shown;



(h)  	That if the client is not satisfied with the result of the administrative
review, the fair hearing previously requested will be held; and



(i)   	That if the client is satisfied with the result of the administrative
review, the client’s request for a fair hearing shall be considered formally
withdrawn upon the submission of a signed statement by the client or client
representative to the Office of Administrative Hearings confirming such
withdrawal.







SOURCE: Notice of Emergency and Proposed Rulemaking published at 57 DCR 6438
(July 23, 2010)[EXPIRED]; as amended by Notice Emergency Rulemaking published at
57 DCR 11353 (November 26, 2010)[EXPIRED]; as amended by Notice of Emergency
Rulemaking published at 58 DCR 3007 (April 8, 2011)[EXPIRED]; as amended by
Notice of Final Rulemaking published at 58 DCR 7442, 7501 (August 19, 2011).
