                                  DC REGULATIONS

CLIENT RESPONSIBILITIES (§ 29-2514)

Clients shall seek appropriate permanent housing or Housing First, except when
the client is residing in severe weather and low barrier shelter.







Clients shall seek employment, education, or training when appropriate, except
when the client is residing in severe weather and low barrier shelter.







Clients shall refrain from the following behaviors while on a Provider’s
premises:



(a)	The use or possession of alcohol or illegal drugs;



(b)	The use or possession of weapons;



(c)	Assaulting or battering any individual, or threatening to do so; and



(d)	Any other acts that endanger the health or safety of the client or any other
individual on the premises.







Clients shall ensure that children within the client’s family and physical
custody are enrolled in school, where required by law.







Clients shall ensure that the client’s minor children receive appropriate
supervision while on the Provider’s premises.







Clients shall utilize child care services that they qualify for and can afford,
when available and necessary to enable the adult client to seek employment or
housing or to attend school or training, unless the client meets any of the
exemptions of section 519g of the District of Columbia Public Assistance Act of
1982, effective April 20, 1999 (D.C. Law 12-241; D.C. Official Code § 4-205.19g
(2008 Repl.)), or section 5809.4(b)-(e) of Title 29 of the District of Columbia
Municipal Regulations, including any subsequent revisions.







Clients shall respect the safety, personal rights, and private property of
Provider staff members and other clients.







Clients shall maintain clean sleeping and living areas, including bathroom and
cooking areas.







Clients shall use communal areas appropriately, with attention to cleanliness
and respect for the interests of other clients.







Clients shall be responsible for one’s own personal property.







Clients shall follow all Program Rules established by a Provider pursuant to
subsection 2515.17.







Clients residing in temporary shelter and transitional housing shall participate
in the assessment and case management services.







		SOURCE: Notice of Emergency and Proposed Rulemaking published at 57 DCR
			6438 (July 23, 2010)[EXPIRED]; as amended by Notice Emergency Rulemaking
published at 57 		DCR 11353 (November 26, 2010)[EXPIRED]; as amended by Notice
of Emergency Rulemaking 		published at 58 DCR 3007 (April 8, 2011)[EXPIRED]; as
amended by Notice of Final 			Rulemaking published at 58 DCR 7442, 7454 (August
19, 2011).
