                                  DC REGULATIONS

DEFINTIONS (§ 15-2699)

The following words and terms, when used in this Chapter, shall have the
following definitions unless the context clearly states otherwise:



&#8220;Approved agreement&#8221; means an agreement approved by the Commission
pursuant to Section 252 of the Telecommunications Act of 1996, D.C. Code, 2001
Ed. § 34-2002(h) and Section 2604.



&#8220;Arbitrating party&#8221; means one of the telecommunications carriers
participating in the arbitration proceeding.



&#8220;Arbitration agreement&#8221; means the agreement or amended agreement
reached by the arbitrating parties pursuant to the arbitration decision.



&#8220;Arbitration decision&#8221; means the signed decision of the arbitrator
or the arbitration panel.



&#8220;Arbitration petition&#8221; means a petition filed by a
telecommunications carrier requesting the Commission for arbitration pursuant to
47 U.S.C. § 252(b).



&#8220;Commission&#8221; means the Public Service Commission of the District of
Columbia.



&#8220;Commission&#8217;s procedural rules&#8221; means the Commission&#8217;s
Rules of Practice and Procedure that are contained in Chapter 1 of Title 15
DCMR.



&#8220;Days&#8221; means calendar days, unless otherwise specified.



&#8220;Enforcement petition&#8221; means a petition to enforce an approved
agreement.



&#8220;Ex parte communication&#8221; means an oral or written communication
between the arbitrator and a telecommunications carrier&#8217;s representative
relating to the merits of the proceeding, which is made without providing all
other telecommunications carriers participating in the arbitration proceeding
the opportunity to participate.



&#8220;Incumbent local exchange carrier&#8221; means, with respect to an area,
the local exchange carrier that provided local exchange service in such an area
on the date of enactment of the federal. Telecommunications Act of 1996 (P.L.
104-104).



&#8220;Interpretation petition&#8221; means a petition filed to interpret an
approved agreement.



&#8220;Interpretation or enforcement decision&#8221; means a signed decision of
the Commission&#8217;s agent in an interpretation or enforcement proceeding.



&#8220;Interpretation or enforcement proceeding&#8221; means a proceeding in
which the Commission interprets or enforces an approved agreement.



&#8220;Local exchange carrier&#8221; means any person or entity that is engaged
in the provision of telephone exchange service or exchange access. The term does
not include a person or entity insofar as the person or entity is engaged in the
provision of commercial mobile service.



&#8220;Mediating party&#8221; means a party participating in mediation.



&#8220;Negotiated agreement&#8221; means an agreement or amended agreement
between a telecommunications carrier and an incumbent local exchange carrier
pursuant to 47 U.S.C. § 252 arrived at through voluntary negotiation or
mediation. A negotiated agreement includes an interconnection agreement that was
opted into by telecommunications service providers either in the District of
Columbia or another jurisdiction.



&#8220;Party&#8221; means a person, entity, individual, corporation,
partnership, or association.



&#8220;Petitioning carrier&#8221; means a telecommunications carrier that files
a request for arbitration pursuant to 47 U.S.C. § 252(b) or that files a
petition for enforcement and interpretation of an approved agreement.



&#8220;Requesting carrier&#8221; means a telecommunications carrier that files a
request for mediation pursuant to 47 U.S.C. § 252(a)(2).



&#8220;Responding carrier&#8221; means a telecommunications carrier that
responds to a request for mediation or an arbitration, enforcement, or
interpretation petition.



&#8220;Telecommunications&#8221; means the transmission, between or among points
specified by the user, of information of the user&#8217;s choosing, without
change in the form or content of the information as sent and received.



&#8220;Telecommunications carrier&#8221; means any provider of
telecommunications services, except that the term does not include aggregators
of telecommunications services as defined in 47 U.S.C. § 226.



&#8220;Telecommunications service&#8221; means the offering of
telecommunications for a fee directly to the public or to such classes of users
as to be effectively available to the public, regardless of the facilities used.



	SOURCE: Notice of Final Rulemaking published at 47 DCR 5242 (June 23, 2000)
[EXPIRED]; as amended by Final Rulemaking published at 47 DCR 8315 (October 20,
2000); as amended by Final Rulemaking published at 48 DCR 140 (January 5, 2001);
as amended by Final Rulemaking published at 51 DCR 2905 (March 19, 2004).
