                                  DC REGULATIONS

CORPORATION DIVISION INFRACTIONS (§ 16-3302)

3302.1 	Violation of any of the following provisions shall be a Class 1
infraction:

(a) 	Submitting a document pursuant to the District of Columbia Official Code
Title 29 (Business Organizations) Enactment Act of 2010, effective July 11, 2011
(D.C. Law 18-378; D.C. Official Code §§ 29-101.01, et seq.) (the Act) and the
document contains a false statement;

(b)	Operating in the District:

(1)	As a domestic business corporation or professional corporation and without
articles of incorporation filed under D.C. Official Code § 29-302.02 (2011
Repl.);

(2)	As a domestic nonprofit corporation and without articles of incorporation
filed under D.C. Official Code § 29-402.02 (2011 Repl.);

(3)	As a domestic limited liability partnership and without a statement of
qualification filed under D.C. Official Code § 29-610.01 (2011 Repl.);

(4)	As a domestic limited partnership and without a certificate of limited
partnership filed under D.C. Official Code § 29-702.01 (2011 Repl.);

(5)	As a domestic limited liability company and without a certificate of
organization filed under D.C. Official Code § 29-802.01 (2011 Repl.);

(6)	As a domestic general cooperative association and without articles of
incorporation filed under D.C. Official Code § 29-906 (2011 Repl.);

(7)	As a domestic limited cooperative association and without articles of
organization filed under D.C. Official Code § 29-1003.02 (2011 Repl.); or

(8)	As a domestic statutory trust and without a certificate of trust filed under
D.C. Official Code § 29-1202.01 (2011 Repl.);

(c)	Operating in the District as a foreign filing business organization entity:







Without having obtained a certificate of registration under D.C. Official Code
§ 29-105.02 (2011 Repl.); or







After its certificate of registration has been terminated under D.C. Official
Code § 29-105.11 (2011 Repl.); and



(d)	Operating in the District under the jurisdiction of the Act, but after the
business organization has been dissolved, whether voluntarily, judicially, or
administratively; provided, that this subsection shall not apply if the
dissolution has been revoked or the business organization has been reinstated in
accordance with the Act.



3302.2 	Violation of any of the following provisions shall be a Class 3
infraction:

(a) 	Failure to appoint and maintain a registered agent under D.C. Official Code
§ 29-104.02 (2011 Repl.):



	(1)	As a domestic filing entity;



(2)	As a domestic limited liability partnership that does not maintain a place
of business in the District; or



	(3)	As a qualified foreign entity; and

(b)	Failure to register a trade name with the Department of Consumer and
Regulatory Affairs under D.C. Official Code § 47-2855.02 (2005 Repl.):





As a general partnership;







As  a foreign or domestic limited partnership;







As a foreign or domestic limited liability company; or







As a foreign or domestic corporation.





	SOURCE: Final Rulemaking published at 52 DCR 4908 (May 27, 2005); as amended by
Final Rulemaking published at 59 DCR 8162 (July 6, 2012).
