                                  DC REGULATIONS

VACANT PROPERTY INFRACTIONS (§ 16-3311)

3311.1  	Violation of any of the following provisions shall be a Class 1
infraction:

(a) 	Section 6(a) of An Act To provide for the abatement of nuisances in the
District of Columbia by the Commissioners of said District, effective April 27,
2001 (D.C. Law 13-281; D.C. Official Code § 42-3131.06(a) (2010 Repl. &#038;
2011 Supp.)) (failure to initiate registration of a vacant building within
thirty (30) days after a building becomes vacant);

(b) 	Section 6(e) of An Act To provide for the abatement of nuisances in the
District of Columbia by the Commissioners of said District (D.C. Official Code
§ 42-3131.06(e) (2010 Repl. &#038; 2011 Sup.)) (failure to report change of
name or address of owner within thirty (30) days of occurrence);

(c) 	Section 7(a) of An Act To provide for the abatement of nuisances in the
District of Columbia by the Commissioners of said District (D.C. Official Code
§ 42-3131.07(a) (2010 Repl.)) (failure to allow inspection of vacant building);

(d) 	Section 7(a)(5) of An Act To provide for the abatement of nuisances in the
District of Columbia by the Commissioners of said District (D.C. Official Code
§ 42-3131.07(a)(5)(2010 Repl.)) (making false statements or misrepresentations
upon the registration application); or

(e) 	Being designated by the Mayor as a “blighted vacant building” (D.C.
Official Code § 42-3131.05(1)(A) (2011 Supp.)).

3311.2  	Violation of any of the following provisions shall be a Class 2
infraction:

(a) 	Section 6(a) of An Act To provide for the abatement of nuisances in the
District of Columbia by the Commissioners of said District (D.C. Official Code
§ 42-3131.06(a) (2010 Repl. &#038; 2011 Supp.)) (failure to pay appropriate
registration fees);

(b) 	Section 6(b) of An Act To provide for the abatement of nuisances in the
District of Columbia by the Commissioners of said District (D.C. Official Code
§ 42-3131.06(b) (2011 Supp.)) (failure to apply for registration after
exemption status expires);

(c) 	Section 6(d) of An Act To provide for the abatement of nuisances in the
District of Columbia by the Commissioners of said District (D.C. Official Code
§ 42-3131.06(d) (2010 Repl. &#038; 2011 Supp.) (failure to apply for new
registration after registered building is transferred or otherwise conveyed);

(d) 	Sections 6(a) and 12 of An Act To provide for the abatement of nuisances in
the District of Columbia by the Commissioners of said District (D.C. Official
Code § 42-3131.06(a) (2010 Repl. &#038; 2011 Supp.)) and D.C. Official Code §
42-3131.12(2010 Repl.)) (failure to maintain a vacant building in compliance
with the requirements of D.C. Official Code § 42-3131.12);

(e) 	Section 7(a) of An Act To provide for the abatement of nuisances in the
District of Columbia by the Commissioners of said District (D.C. Official Code
§ 42-3131.07(a)(2010 Repl.)) (failure to timely renew registration status);

(f) 	Section 7(a)(2)(A) of An Act To provide for the abatement of nuisances in
the District of Columbia by the Commissioners of said District (D.C. Official
Code § 42-3131.07(a)(2)(A)(2010 Repl.)) (vacant property is detrimental to the
public health, safety, and welfare);

(g) 	Section 7(a)(2)(B) of An Act To provide for the abatement of nuisances in
the District of Columbia by the Commissioners of said District (D.C. Official
Code § 42-3131.07(a)(2)(B)(2010 Repl.)) (property unreasonably interferes with
the reasonable and lawful use and enjoyment of other premises within the
neighborhood);

(h) 	Section 7(a)(2)(C) of An Act To provide for the abatement of nuisances in
the District of Columbia by the Commissioners of said District (D.C. Official
Code § 42-3131.07(a)(2)(C)(2010 Repl.)) (poses a hazard to police officers or
fire fighters entering the building in an emergency);

(i) 	Section 7(a)(3) of An Act To provide for the abatement of nuisances in the
District of Columbia by the Commissioners of said District (D.C. Official Code
§ 42-3131.07(a)(3)(2010 Repl.)) (the building fails to comply with the fire,
building, and housing codes of the District); or

(j) 	Section 8 of An Act To provide for the abatement of nuisances in the
District of Columbia by the Commissioners of said District (D.C. Official Code
§ 42-3131.08(2010 Repl.)) (proceeding with any operation related to
registration after notice of revocation is issued).

3311.3  	Violation of any of the following provisions shall be a Class 3
infraction:

(a) 	Section 12(1) of An Act To provide for the abatement of nuisances in the
District of Columbia by the Commissioners of said District (D.C. Official Code
§ 42-3131.12(1)(2010 Repl.)) (doors, windows, areaways, and other openings are
not weather tight and secured against entry by birds, vermin, and trespassers;
or missing or broken doors, windows and other openings are not covered with
one-half inch (1/2 in.) CDX plywood that is weather protected, tightly fitted to
the opening, and secured by screws or bolts);

(b) 	Section 12(2) of An Act To provide for the abatement of nuisances in the
District of Columbia by the Commissioners of said District (D.C. Official Code
§ 42-3131.12(2)(2010 Repl.)) (the roof and flashing are not sound and tight,
will admit moisture, or are not drained to prevent dampness or deterioration in
the walls or interior);

(c) 	Section 12(3) of An Act To provide for the abatement of nuisances in the
District of Columbia by the Commissioners of said District (D.C. Official Code
§ 42-3131.12(3)(2010 Repl.)) (the building storm drainage system is not
adequately sized and installed in an approved manner and functional);

(d) 	Section 12(4) of An Act To provide for the abatement of nuisances in the
District of Columbia by the Commissioners of said District (D.C. Official Code
§ 42-3131.12(4)(2010 Repl.)) (the interior or exterior are not maintained in
good repair, structurally sound, free from debris, rubbish and garbage, and
sanitary so as not to threaten public health or safety);

(e) 	Section 12(5) of An Act To provide for the abatement of nuisances in the
District of Columbia by the Commissioners of said District (D.C. Official Code
§ 42-3131.12(5)(2010 Repl.)) (the structural members are not free of
deterioration and capable of safely bearing imposed dead and live loads);

(f) 	Section 12(6) of An Act To provide for the abatement of nuisances in the
District of Columbia by the Commissioners of said District (D.C. Official Code
§ 42-3131.12(6)(2010 Repl.)) (the foundation walls are not plumb, free from
open cracks and breaks, or vermin proof);

(g) 	Section 12(7) of An Act To provide for the abatement of nuisances in the
District of Columbia by the Commissioners of said District (D.C. Official Code
§ 42-3131.12(7)(2010 Repl.)) (the exterior walls are not free of graffiti,
holes, breaks, or loose and/or rotting materials, and exposed metal and wood
surfaces are not protected from the elements and against decay or rust by
periodic application of weather-coating materials, such as paint);

(h) 	Section 12(8) of An Act To provide for the abatement of nuisances in the
District of Columbia by the Commissioners of said District (D.C. Official Code
§ 42-3131.12(8)(2010 Repl.)) (the cornices, belt courses, corbels, terra cotta
trim, wall facings, and similar decorative features are not safe, anchored, and
in good repair, and exposed metal and wood surfaces are not protected from the
elements and against decay or rust by periodic application of weather-coating
materials, such as paint);

(i) 	Section 12(9) of An Act To provide for the abatement of nuisances in the
District of Columbia by the Commissioners of said District (D.C. Official Code
§ 42-3131.12(9)(2010 Repl.)) (all balconies, canopies, marquees, signs, metal
awnings, stairways, fire escapes, standpipes, exhaust ducts, and similar
features are not in good repair, anchored, safe and sound, and exposed metal and
wood surfaces are not protected from the elements and against decay or rust by
periodic application of weather-coating materials, such as paint);

(j) 	Section 12(10) of An Act To provide for the abatement of nuisances in the
District of Columbia by the Commissioners of said District (D.C. Official Code
§ 42-3131.12(10)(2010 Repl.)) (chimneys, cooling towers, smokestacks, and
similar appurtenances are not structurally safe, sound, and in good repair, and
exposed metal and wood surfaces are not protected from the elements and against
decay or rust by periodic application of weather-coating materials, such as
paint);

(k) 	Section 12(11) of An Act To provide for the abatement of nuisances in the
District of Columbia by the Commissioners of said District (D.C. Official Code
§ 42-3131.12(11)(2010 Repl.)) (openings in sidewalks are not safe for
pedestrian travel);

(l) 	Section 12(12) of An Act To provide for the abatement of nuisances in the
District of Columbia by the Commissioners of said District (D.C. Official Code
§ 42-3131.12(12)(2010 Repl.)) (accessory and appurtenant structures such as
garages, sheds, and fences are not free from safety, health and fire hazards,
including graffiti);

(m) 	Section 12(13) of An Act To provide for the abatement of nuisances in the
District of Columbia by the Commissioners of said District (D.C. Official Code
§ 42-3131.12(13)(2010 Repl.)) (the property on which a structure is located is
not clean, safe, and sanitary, and threatens the public health or safety); or

(n) 	Section 13 of An Act To provide for the abatement of nuisances in the
District of Columbia by the Commissioners of said District (D.C. Official Code
§ 42-3131.13(2010 Repl.)) (failure to allow or maintain the affixing to the
vacant building of a sign posted by the Mayor or the Department of Consumer and
Regulatory Affairs).



	SOURCE: Final Rulemaking published at 52 DCR 4908 (May 27, 2005); as amended by
Notice of Emergency and Proposed Rulemaking published at 58 DCR 3075 (April 8,
2011)[EXPIRED]; as amended by Notice of Emergency Rulemaking published at 58 DCR
6449 (July 29, 2011)[EXPIRED]; as amended by Notice of Emergency Rulemaking
published at 58 DCR 10013 (November 25, 2011)[EXPIRED]; as amended by Notice of
Final Rulemaking published at 59 DCR 776, 777(February 3, 2012).
