                                  DC REGULATIONS

OFFICERS (ยง 19-107)

107.1 	The Officers of the Authority shall be a Chairperson, a Vice Chairperson,
a Treasurer, a President and Chief Executive Officer, a Chief Financial Officer
of the Authority, a Secretary, an Assistant Secretary, and such other officers
as may from time to time be deemed advisable by the Board.



107.2 	Unless otherwise provided in the Act or these bylaws, officers shall be
chosen by a majority vote of the Board.



107.3 	The Chairperson and Vice Chairperson shall be Members. The other Officers
may, but need not, be Members. Any two or more offices may be held by the same
person except the offices of Chairperson and Secretary.



107.4 	Unless otherwise provided by the Act or these bylaws, the Officers of the
Authority shall hold their offices for such terms as shall be determined from
time to time by the Board.



107.5 	Unless otherwise provided by the Act or these bylaws, the Officers of the
Authority shall exercise such powers and perform such duties as shall be
specified by the Board and, if not inconsistent therewith, as are customarily
exercised by corporate officers holding such offices.



107.6 	The Officers of the Authority shall hold office until their successors
are chosen and qualified. Unless otherwise provided in the Act or these bylaws,
any Officer of the Authority may be removed at any time by a majority of the
Members in office, with or without cause, and any vacancy occurring in any
office of the Authority may be filled by the vote of a majority of the Members
in office.



107.7 	The Chairperson and such other Officers, employees and agents as may be
authorized by the Board may enter into and execute, on behalf of the Authority,
contracts, leases, debt obligations and all other forms of agreements or
instruments, whether under seal or otherwise, permitted by law, the Act and
these bylaws; except where such documents are required by law or the Act to be
otherwise signed and executed, or where the signing and execution thereof shall
be exclusively delegated to some other Officer or agent of the Authority.



107.8 	All checks, drafts or other orders for the payment of money shall be
signed by such Officer or Officers or such other person or persons as the Board
may, from time to time, designate.



SOURCE: Final Rulemaking published at 45 DCR 3816, 3820-21 (June 12, 1998); as
amended by Notice of Final Rulemaking published at 57 DCR 10919, 10923 (November
19, 2010); as amended by Final Rulemaking published at 60 DCR 8953 (June 14,
2013).
