                                  DC REGULATIONS

MEETINGS OF THE BOARD (§ 19-103)

103.1 	The Chairperson of the Board shall preside at all meetings of the Board
at which he or she is present, and shall perform such other duties as may be
required of him or her by the Board.

103.2 	The Vice Chairperson of the Board shall, in the absence of the
Chairperson, preside at its meetings and shall perform such other duties as may
be required of him or her by the Board.

103.3 	Regular meetings of the Board shall be held no less than once every sixty
(60) days at such time and place as the Chairperson shall determine. At least
three (3) business days in advance of each regular meeting of the Board, notice
shall be given to each Member and to the public. However, seven (7) business
days’ notice shall be given for regular meetings if, in the opinion of the
Chairperson, the matters to be voted upon by the Board at such meeting could
potentially have an adverse impact on the community.

103.4 	Special meetings of the Board may be called at the discretion of the
Chairperson or at the request of any six (6) Members. At least forty-eight (48)
hours in advance of each special meeting of the Board, notice shall be given to
each Member and to the public.

103.5 	At least seven (7) calendar days before each meeting of the Board
(special or regular) at which amendments to the bylaws are to be considered,
notice shall be given to each Member and to the public.

103.6 	Notice of a meeting of the Board shall specify the date, time and place
of the meeting.

103.7 	Notice must be either delivered personally to each Member, or mailed via
the United States Postal Service (USPS), facsimile transmission or electronic
mail to his or her business address. If such notice is given by USPS, it shall
be deemed delivered when deposited in the United States mail properly addressed
and with postage prepaid thereon. If such notice is sent by telecopy, electronic
mail or delivered personally, it shall be deemed delivered when received.
However, a Member may waive notice of any regular or special meeting by written
statement filed with the Board. Attendance at a meeting shall also constitute a
waiver of notice.

103.8 	Public notice shall be given by publication in the D.C. Register or in a
newspaper of general circulation.



SOURCE: Final Rulemaking published at 45 DCR 3816, 3817 (June 12, 1998); as
amended by Notice of Final Rulemaking published at 57 DCR 10919, 10920 (November
19, 2010); as amended by Final Rulemaking published at 60 DCR 8953 (June 14,
2013).
