                                  DC REGULATIONS

CONTINUING EDUCATION REQUIREMENTS (§ 17-6306)

6306.1 	This section shall not apply to applicants for an initial license by
				examination, reciprocity, or endorsement, nor does it apply to applicants
			for the first renewal of a license granted by examination.



6306.2 	A continuing education contact hour shall be valid only if it is part of
a program or activity that the Board approves in accordance with § 6307.



6306.3 	Practitioners applying for license renewal shall complete contact hours
of 			qualified activities for maintaining continuing education during the two
(2) 		year period preceding the date the license expires in the following
manner:



(a) 	Occupational therapists shall complete a minimum of twenty-four (24)
contact hours; and



(b) 	Occupational therapy assistants shall complete a minimum of twelve (12)
contact hours.



6306.4 	An applicant under this section shall prove completion of required
				continuing education contact hours by submitting with the application the
			following information with respect to each program:



(a) 	The name and address of the sponsor of the program;



(b) 	The name of the program, its location, a description of the subject

	matter covered, and the names of the instructors;



(c) 	The dates on which the applicant attended the program;



(d) 	The number of contact hours claimed;



(e) 	Verification by the sponsor of the applicant&#8217;s completion, by
signature or stamp of the sponsor; and



(f) 	The name of the attendee.



6306.5 	An applicant for renewal of a license who fails to submit proof of
having 			completed continuing education requirements by the date the license
			expired may renew the license up to sixty (60)  days after expiration by
			submitting the proof pursuant to § 6306.4 and by paying the required
			additional late fee. The license shall be effective on the date of the
renewal.



6306.6 	The Board may, in its discretion, grant an extension of the sixty (60)
day 			period to renew after expiration if the applicant&#8217;s failure to
submit proof of 		completion was for good cause. As used in this section,
“good cause” 			includes the following:



(a) 	Serious and protracted illness of the applicant; or



(b)	The death or serious and protracted illness of a member of the

	applicant&#8217;s immediate family.



6306.7 	If the license of an occupational therapist or occupational therapy
assistant 	lapses while serving in the military whenever the United States is
engaged 		in active military operations against any foreign power or hostile
force, 	and the required continuing education hours were not earned during the
	earning period, the licensee shall be required to complete the required
	continuing education hours needed no later than six (6) months after 	discharge
from active service, return to inactive military status, or return 	to the
United States from an active war zone.



6306.8 	The continuing education contact hours completed shall not be used for
	the next licensing period.



6306.9 	The continuing education contact hours for the next licensing period
shall 	not be 	prorated.



6306.10 	Practitioners who are licensed to practice in a jurisdiction other than
the 	District shall meet the requirements of this section in order to maintain
	licensure in the District.  The licensee shall ensure that the continuing
	education courses fall within 	the relevant time period for the District of
	Columbia.



6306.11 	Any applicant for licensure as an occupational therapist or
occupational 	therapy assistant who applies after the renewal date shall submit
proof of 	having completed all continuing education requirements with the
	application.



	SOURCE: Final Rulemaking published at 35 DCR 936, 939 (February 12, 1988); as
amended by Final Rulemaking published at 53 DCR 4551 (June 9, 2006); as amended
by Notice of Final Rulemaking published at 59 DCR 3133, 3134 (April 20, 2012).
