                                  DC REGULATIONS

APPRAISER TRAINEE (§ 17-2323)

2323.1 	The Board may issue an appraiser trainee license to an applicant who has
completed a prelicensure education program that meets the following
requirements:

(a)	Seventy-five (75) classroom hours of instruction that shall include fifteen
(15) hours relative to the USPAP:

(1) 	A classroom hour is equal to fifty (50) minutes of each sixty (60) minute
segment and includes time devoted to tests which are considered to be part of
the course;

(2) 	Classroom hours may only be obtained where the minimum length of the
educational offering is fifteen (15) hours and the individual successfully
completes an examination pertinent to that educational offering;

(3) 	Credit for the classroom hours may be obtained from the following:

(A) 	Colleges or universities;

(B) 	Community or junior colleges;

(C) 	Real estate appraisal or real estate related organizations;

(D) 	State or federal agencies or commissions;

(E) 	Proprietary schools; or

(F) 	Other providers approved by the Board or the Educational Licensure
Commission;

(4) 	Qualifying education shall have been obtained within the five (5)-year
period immediately preceding application for licensure; and

(5) 	The core curriculum of the prelicensure education requirements that
appraiser trainees must complete prior to applying for licensure are thirty (30)
hours in basic appraisal principles, thirty (30) hours in basic appraisal
procedures, and the fifteen (15) hour National USPAP course or its equivalent.
The content of the curriculum offered in the courses, seminars, workshops, or
conferences used by an appraiser trainee to meet the prelicensure education
requirements shall follow the guidelines established by the AQB in the
publication, “AQB Guide Note 1 (GN-1).”

2323.2 	There are no examination or experience requirements for the appraiser
trainee classification.

2323.3 	Within four (4) years of submitting his or her initial application for
licensure, the appraiser trainee shall pass one (1) of the following
examinations approved by the Board:

(a) 	The licensed residential real property appraiser examination;

(b) 	Certified residential real property appraiser examination; or

(c) 	Certified general real property appraiser examination.

2323.4 	The appraiser trainee is subject to direct supervision by a supervising
Certified Residential Real Property Appraiser or a Certified General Real
Property Appraiser licensed in the District. The supervising appraiser shall be
in good standing, and shall not have been subject to any disciplinary action
that impacted his or her ability to lawfully engage in appraisal practice within
the last two (2) years.

2323.5 	The supervising appraiser shall be responsible for the training and
supervision of the trainee by:

(1) 	Accepting responsibility for appraisal reports prepared by the appraiser
trainee by signing and certifying that the report complies with the USPAP;

(2) 	Reviewing the appraiser trainee reports; and

(3) 	Personally inspecting each appraised property with the appraiser trainee
until the supervising appraiser determines that the appraiser trainee is
competent in accordance with the competency provision of the USPAP for the
property type.

2323.6 	The appraiser trainee may have more than one (1) supervising appraiser,
but a certified appraiser may not have more than three (3) appraisal trainees.

2323.7 	The appraiser trainee shall maintain an appraiser log and shall include
at least the following information for each appraisal record:

(a) 	Type of property;

(b) 	Date of report;

(c) 	Client name and address;

(d) 	Address of appraised property;

(e) 	Description of work performed, scope of review, and supervision of the
supervising appraiser;

(f) 	Number of actual work hours;

(g) 	Signature and state or jurisdiction license or certification number of the
supervising appraiser; and

(h) 	Separate appraisal logs shall be maintained for each supervising appraiser.

2323.8 	An applicant for renewal of an appraiser trainee license shall submit
proof of having completed all continuing education credits required pursuant to
§ 2310.2 of this chapter.

2323.9 	The appraiser trainee shall be entitled to obtain copies of appraisal
reports that he or she prepared.

2323.10 	The supervising appraiser shall keep copies of appraisal reports for a
period of at least five (5) years or at least two (2) years after the final
disposition of any judicial proceedings in which testimony was given, whichever
period expires last.

SOURCE: Final Rulemaking published at 40 DCR 8480 (December 10, 1993); as
amended by Final Rulemaking published at 53 DCR 5846 (July 21, 2006); as amended
by Final Rulemaking published at 55 DCR 9991 (September 26, 2008); as amended by
Final Rulemaking published at 58 DCR 10590, 10600 (December 16, 2011); as
amended by Final Rulemaking published at 60 DCR 9714 (June 28, 2013).
