                                  DC REGULATIONS

LICENSE RENEWAL (§ 17-2309)

2309.1 	At least sixty (60) days prior to the expiration of a license, the Board
shall send a renewal application by first class mail to the holder of a license
at the licensee’s address on record with the Board.

2309.2 	A holder of a license shall meet all of the requirements for license
renewal prior to the issuance of the renewal.

2309.3 	A holder of a license shall provide the Board a street address for the
licensee’s residence, not a post office box, and shall notify the Board in
writing of any change to the home or business address within thirty (30) days of
the change.

2309.4 	The failure of a holder of a license to receive the notice required by
§ 2309.1 of this section does not relieve the holder of the responsibility of
renewing the license.

2309.5 	A holder of a license who fails to renew before the expiration date may
renew the license within sixty (60) days after expiration upon paying the
required late fee and submitting proof of having completed the required
continuing education prior to the expiration date of the license. Upon renewal,
the holder shall be deemed to have possessed a valid license during the period
between the expiration of the license and its renewal.

2309.6 	If a licensee fails to renew his or her license within sixty (60) days
after its expiration, the license shall be deemed to have lapsed on the date of
expiration and the holder shall be required to apply for reinstatement of the
expired license pursuant to D.C. Official Code § 47-2853.15 (2005 Repl.) and §
3308 of chapter 33 (GENERAL RULES: FUNERAL DIRECTORS, VETERINARIANS, INTERIOR
DESIGNERS AND REAL ESTATE APPRAISERS) of this title and pay the required
reinstatement fee. A licensee may not apply for reinstatement if the license has
been expired for five (5) years or more.

2309.7 	The Board shall deny a renewal application if the applicant has not
completed the continuing education requirements prior to the expiration date of
the license.

2309.8 	Denial of an application for renewal for failure to complete the
continuing education requirements shall require the applicant to complete the
continuing education requirements prior to submitting an application for
reinstatement pursuant to § 2310.



	SOURCE: Final Rulemaking published at 40 DCR 8480 (December 10, 1993); as
amended by Final Rulemaking published at 53 DCR 5846 (July 21, 2006); as amended
by Final Rulemaking published at 55 DCR 9991 (September 26, 2008); as amended by
Notice of Final Rulemaking published at 58 DCR 10590, 10596 (December 16, 2011).
