                                  DC REGULATIONS

CONTINUING EDUCATION REQUIREMENTS (ยง 17-2310)

2310.1 	Except as provided in ยง 2310.2, this section shall apply to all
applicants for the renewal or reinstatement of each license classification.

2310.2 	An applicant for renewal or reinstatement of a real estate appraiser
license, or renewal of an appraiser trainee license, shall be required to
satisfactorily complete continuing education courses according to the following
schedule:

(a) 	Applicants obtaining a license one hundred eighty-five (185) days or less
from the renewal date required by the license cycle are not required to complete
any hours of continuing education for that license cycle;

(b) 	Applicants obtaining a license during the last twelve (12) months of a
license cycle, but before the one hundred eighty-five (185) day period must
complete fourteen (14) hours of continuing education for that license cycle;

(c)	All other licensees must complete the full twenty-eight (28) hours of
continuing education for the license cycle; and

(d)  	All licensees must complete the seven- (7-) hour National USPAP Update
Course as part of the twenty-eight (28) hours of continuing education.

2310.3 	[RESERVED]

2310.4 	The Board will grant credit toward the classroom hour requirement only
when the length of the educational offering is at least three (3) hours.

2310.5 	The Board may approve the following continuing education activities, not
to exceed (10) hours, if the activity relates to real estate appraising:

(a) 	Serving as an instructor or speaker at a conference, seminar, or workshop;
and

(b) 	Publication of an article in a professional journal, publication of a book
or a chapter in a book, or publication of a review in a professional journal.

2310.6 	A continuing education credit shall be valid only if it is a part of a
Board-approved program or activity.

2310.7 	[RESERVED]

2310.8 	Continuing education credit for the National USPAP Update Course shall
only be awarded to licensees completing USPAP continuing education courses
taught by an AQB-certified instructor who is also a certified appraiser.



SOURCE: Final Rulemaking published at 40 DCR 8480 (December 10, 1993); as
amended by Final Rulemaking published at 53 DCR 5846 (July 21, 2006); as amended
by Final Rulemaking published at 55 DCR 9991 (September 26, 2008); as amended by
Final Rulemaking published at 58 DCR 10590, 10597 (December 16, 2011); as
amended by Final Rulemaking published at 60 DCR 9714 (June 28, 2013).
