                                  DC REGULATIONS

DEFINITIONS (§ 19-4399)

When used in this Chapter, the following words and terms shall have the meanings
ascribed:



Best and Final Offer (BAFO) &#8211; An offeror&#8217;s final proposal revision
containing its best technical and price/cost offer as revised following
negotiation of the offeror&#8217;s original proposal.



Bidder &#8211; A firm or individual who submits a bid in response to an
Invitation for Bids or a Request for Quotations.



Bond &#8211; A written instrument executed by a bidder or contractor and a
second party (the &#8220;surety&#8221; or &#8220;sureties&#8221;), to assure
fulfillment of the principal&#8217;s obligations to a third party (the obligee
or Library), identified in the bond. If the principal&#8217;s obligations are
not met, the bond assures payment, to the extent stipulated, for any loss
sustained b the obligee.



Brand Name Description &#8211; A description that identifies a product by its
brand name and model or part number or other appropriate nomenclature by which
the product is offered for sale.



Claim &#8211; A written demand or written assertion by one of the contracting
parties seeking, as a matter of right, the payment of money in a sum certain,
the adjustment or interpretation of contract terms, or other relief arising
under or relating to a contract. A claim arising under a contract is a claim
that can be resolved under a contract clause that provides for the relief sought
by the claimant; provided that a written demand or written assertion by the
contractor seeking the payment of money exceeding one hundred thousand dollars
($ 100,000) is not a claim under this Chapter until certified as required by
Section 4380.8



Commercial Item &#8211; Any item, other than real property, that is used by the
general public for other than governmental purposes and that has been sold,
leased, or licensed to the general public.



Competitive Process &#8211; The process of obtaining offers (including bids and
quotes) from two or more sources for products or services so that the desired
items may be obtained at the lowest overall cost or best value.



Contracting Officer &#8211; A person with the authority to enter into,
administer and/or terminate contracts. Contracting Officers sign contracts on
behalf of the Library and bear the legal responsibility for contracts. Only
those personnel with the requisite background and experience are designated as
Library Contracting Officers.



Consent to Subcontract &#8211; The CCO&#8217;s written consent for the prime
contractor to enter into a specific subcontract.



Construction &#8211; The process of altering, repairing or improving an existing
or building a new facility.



Contracts Review Committee &#8211; A committee appointed by the President of the
Board of Library Trustees for the purpose of considering appeals from decisions
made by the Executive Director/Chief Librarian regarding claims, debarment and
suspensions, protests and disputes. The Committee shall include five (5) voting
members: the President, three other Board members, and the Executive
Director/Chief Librarian. Decisions shall be made by a majority vote.



Corporate Surety &#8211; A corporation licensed under District insurance laws
which, under its charter, has legal power to act as surety for others.



Contracting Officer&#8217;s Technical Representative (COTR) &#8211; The person
responsible for the technical aspects of a requirement including monitoring
contractor performance.



Debarment &#8211; Action taken by the CCO to exclude a contractor from Library
contracting and approved subcontracting for a specified period of time.



Delivery Order &#8211; An order for supplies placed against established
contracts which have been awarded by the Library. The price, terms and
conditions have been previously agreed upon in a master contract, leaving only
the quantity of supplies and the place of delivery to be determined.

Executed &#8211; Transactions that are agreed to and signed by both parties.



Full and Open Competition &#8211; The competitive process where all responsible
sources are permitted to compete for a contract award.



Individual Surety &#8211; A person who is liable for the entire penal amount of
the bond.



Informal Hearing &#8211; A hearing with no formal rules of evidence, which may
be performed by written correspondence.



Insurance &#8211; A contract that provides that, for a stipulated consideration,
the insurer undertakes to indemnify the insured party against risk of loss,
damage, or liability resulting from an unknown or contingent event.



Limited Competition &#8211; The process when full and open competition has been
justifiably waived but a select number of offers are solicited and evaluated.
Limited competition pertains to the negotiation procurement process.



Local, Small, Disadvantaged Business Enterprise &#8211; A firm or individual
certified by the Department of Small and Local Business Development as a local,
small or disadvantaged business enterprise.



Market Research &#8211; Collecting and analyzing information about capabilities
within the market to satisfy Library requirements.



Mentor-Protégé Program &#8211; A program designed to encourage approved
mentors to provide various forms of assistance to eligible protégé
participants for the purpose of enhancing local, small and disadvantaged
business enterprises participating in Library procurement opportunities.



Minor Informality or Irregularity &#8211; A minor error or irregularity that is
merely a matter of form and not of substance. It also pertains to some
immaterial defect in an offer that can be corrected or waived without being
prejudicial to other offerors.



Notice of Intent to Award &#8211; A written notice to the apparent awardee
advising of intent to award the contract contingent upon the execution of
required bonds and the formal contract, and the obtaining of all necessary
approvals.



Offeror &#8211; A firm or individual who submits a proposal in response to a
Request for Proposals. The terms &#8220;bidder&#8221; and &#8220;offeror&#8221;
are sometimes used interchangeably in the procurement process.



Payment Bond &#8211; A bond that ensures payment as required by law to all
persons supplying labor or material in the performance of work required by the
contract.



Performance Bond &#8211; A bond that secures performance and fulfillment of the
contractor&#8217;s obligations under the contract.



Penal Sum or Penal Amount &#8211; The amount of money specified in a security
(or a percentage of the bid price in a bid security) as the maximum payment for
which the surety is obligated.



Plans and specifications &#8211; Drawings, text, and other descriptions of the
physical or functional characteristics required for and preliminary to the
contract or construction project.



Protest &#8211; A claim by an interested party that the solicitation or the
award of the contract or the failure to award the contract was or is contrary to
law and that the action or inaction by the Library affects the direct economic
interests of the interest party.



Purchase Order &#8211; An instrument used to contract for supplies and services
for simplified procurements up to $ 100,000, except as required by Section 4313.



Request for Proposals (RFPs) &#8211; An instrument used in negotiated
procurements to communicate the Library&#8217;s requirements to prospective
offerors and to solicit proposals. The term solicitation is used interchangeably
with RFP.



Request for Qualifications &#8211; An instrument used to solicit qualifications
from interested sources with the intent of pre-qualifying those sources to
participate in a future solicitation.



Request for Quotations &#8211; An instrument used to procure supplies and
services within the simplified procurement threshold up to $ 100,000.



Requisition &#8211; The document used to formally initiate a request for the
procurement of supplies or services for simplified or major acquisitions.



Simplified Procurement &#8211; A requirement for supplies or services for $
100,000 or less.



Sole Source &#8211; Supplies or services that are available form only one
source. Sole source procurements must be fully documented and justified.



Statement of Work &#8211; The section of the contract and solicitation that
describes the actual work to be accomplished when Competitive Sealed Proposals
are used.



Subcontract &#8211; A contract between a prime contract (or a subcontractor) and
a subcontractor to furnish supplies or services for performance of a part of a
prime contract or another subcontract, including, but not limited to, purchase
orders, and changes and modifications to purchase orders. A subcontract also
means a joint venture or teaming arrangement.



Subcontractor &#8211; A supplier, distributor, vendor, or firm that furnishes
supplies or services to or for a prime contractor or another subcontractor.



Task Order &#8211; An order for services placed against established contracts
which have been awarded by the Library or other authorized source of supply. The
price, terms and conditions have been previously agreed upon in a master
contract, leaving only the quantity of services and the place of performance to
be determined.



Technical Evaluation &#8211; The process that is used to evaluate technical
proposals submitted by offerors in response to a Library solicitation.



Technical Evaluation Panel &#8211; A group of individuals who are responsible
for evaluating the technical proposals submitted by offerors.



Termination for Convenience &#8211; The exercise of the Library&#8217;s right to
partially or wholly terminate contractor performance when it is in the
Library&#8217;s interest.



Termination for Default &#8211; Exercise of the Library&#8217;s right to
partially or wholly terminate contractor performance because of
contractor&#8217;s actual or anticipated failure to perform its contractual
obligations.



	SOURCE: Final Rulemaking published at 55 DCR 493 (January 18, 2008).
